charlottehornets 106 atlantahawks 82 away
sacramentokings 100 chicagobulls 81 away
dallasmavericks 97 milwaukeebucks 93 home
goldenstatewarriors 96 phoenixsuns 94 home
minnesotatimberwolves 106 houstonrockets 98 away
clevelandcavaliers 86 brooklynnets 82 away
philadelphiaSSers 101 newyorkknicks 72 away
orlandomagic 97 washingtonwizards 86 home
losangeleslakers 96 portlandtrailblazers 86 away
sanantoniospurs 98 indianapacers 85 home
detroitpistons 104 torontoraptors 95 away
utahjazz 107 losangelesclippers 94 home
memphisgrizzlies 94 oklahomacitythunder 88 home
bostonceltics 103 detroitpistons 83 home
washingtonwizards 95 charlottehornets 77 away
clevelandcavaliers 102 sacramentokings 100 home
utahjazz 97 losangeleslakers 92 away
miamiheat 105 orlandomagic 79 home
philadelphiaSSers 104 torontoraptors 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 112 denvernuggets 99 home
dallasmavericks 94 indianapacers 88 home
denvernuggets 101 goldenstatewarriors 97 home
houstonrockets 115 milwaukeebucks 93 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 losangelesclippers 91 away
newyorkknicks 94 atlantahawks 69 home
phoenixsuns 108 portlandtrailblazers 82 home
sanantoniospurs 103 minnesotatimberwolves 91 home
bostonceltics 93 torontoraptors 91 home
charlottehornets 83 miamiheat 79 home
brooklynnets 92 chicagobulls 82 away
sacramentokings 100 detroitpistons 93 away
philadelphiaSSers 87 orlandomagic 80 away
newyorkknicks 80 washingtonwizards 76 away
orlandomagic 107 atlantahawks 104 away
clevelandcavaliers 91 bostonceltics 89 home
utahjazz 112 dallasmavericks 106 away
phoenixsuns 102 denvernuggets 99 away
sanantoniospurs 117 goldenstatewarriors 105 away
indianapacers 94 chicagobulls 81 home
losangelesclippers 77 houstonrockets 74 home
philadelphiaSSers 84 miamiheat 82 away
milwaukeebucks 97 detroitpistons 88 home
minnesotatimberwolves 99 sacramentokings 91 home
charlottehornets 98 brooklynnets 87 away
portlandtrailblazers 97 oklahomacitythunder 90 away
torontoraptors 103 washingtonwizards 96 home
losangeleslakers 98 memphisgrizzlies 89 away
losangeleslakers 108 losangelesclippers 103 home
phoenixsuns 104 houstonrockets 99 home
dallasmavericks 108 denvernuggets 96 away
orlandomagic 110 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
sacramentokings 79 portlandtrailblazers 75 home
utahjazz 98 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 97 atlantahawks 87 home
washingtonwizards 88 chicagobulls 83 away
houstonrockets 84 losangeleslakers 74 home
newyorkknicks 103 milwaukeebucks 89 away
phoenixsuns 100 sanantoniospurs 81 home
portlandtrailblazers 97 atlantahawks 88 home
torontoraptors 105 bostonceltics 75 home
memphisgrizzlies 101 dallasmavericks 74 away
denvernuggets 109 minnesotatimberwolves 107 home
indianapacers 108 milwaukeebucks 97 home
utahjazz 93 losangelesclippers 87 away
miamiheat 87 oklahomacitythunder 81 home
clevelandcavaliers 99 newyorkknicks 97 away
charlottehornets 96 orlandomagic 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 103 detroitpistons 94 home
sacramentokings 115 goldenstatewarriors 84 home
sanantoniospurs 91 losangeleslakers 81 home
brooklynnets 102 washingtonwizards 86 away
oklahomacitythunder 102 charlottehornets 94 away
chicagobulls 95 orlandomagic 90 home
houstonrockets 85 memphisgrizzlies 78 home
philadelphiaSSers 84 minnesotatimberwolves 82 away
detroitpistons 108 brooklynnets 94 away
phoenixsuns 88 atlantahawks 79 home
portlandtrailblazers 107 denvernuggets 91 home
newyorkknicks 103 bostonceltics 101 away
dallasmavericks 79 sanantoniospurs 77 home
sacramentokings 114 goldenstatewarriors 107 away
losangelesclippers 115 atlantahawks 106 home
torontoraptors 115 clevelandcavaliers 88 home
miamiheat 87 utahjazz 80 away
indianapacers 86 washingtonwizards 74 away
torontoraptors 98 chicagobulls 75 away
clevelandcavaliers 86 washingtonwizards 73 home
indianapacers 94 detroitpistons 84 home
minnesotatimberwolves 103 milwaukeebucks 92 away
brooklynnets 126 oklahomacitythunder 91 home
newyorkknicks 81 charlottehornets 67 home
philadelphiaSSers 85 bostonceltics 83 home
phoenixsuns 84 miamiheat 82 home
portlandtrailblazers 111 houstonrockets 88 home
sanantoniospurs 91 memphisgrizzlies 78 home
denvernuggets 95 losangelesclippers 79 home
detroitpistons 101 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
orlandomagic 105 goldenstatewarriors 99 away
losangeleslakers 105 houstonrockets 99 home
sacramentokings 109 dallasmavericks 84 home
dallasmavericks 90 losangelesclippers 76 away
portlandtrailblazers 94 brooklynnets 82 away
atlantahawks 99 portlandtrailblazers 97 home
clevelandcavaliers 96 goldenstatewarriors 86 home
houstonrockets 110 chicagobulls 83 home
losangeleslakers 119 denvernuggets 103 home
miamiheat 89 charlottehornets 86 home
sacramentokings 96 orlandomagic 82 home
sanantoniospurs 86 utahjazz 79 home
oklahomacitythunder 96 newyorkknicks 75 home
bostonceltics 116 washingtonwizards 109 home
indianapacers 92 detroitpistons 88 away
losangelesclippers 78 newyorkknicks 74 home
milwaukeebucks 84 atlantahawks 74 home
minnesotatimberwolves 92 goldenstatewarriors 90 home
brooklynnets 93 miamiheat 91 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
phoenixsuns 99 dallasmavericks 78 home
denvernuggets 89 chicagobulls 85 home
houstonrockets 84 charlottehornets 80 home
losangeleslakers 112 sacramentokings 110 away
portlandtrailblazers 86 torontoraptors 80 away
utahjazz 99 orlandomagic 84 home
losangelesclippers 76 memphisgrizzlies 72 away
sanantoniospurs 99 washingtonwizards 95 away
bostonceltics 106 atlantahawks 99 home
detroitpistons 96 charlottehornets 89 away
goldenstatewarriors 92 indianapacers 90 away
milwaukeebucks 89 clevelandcavaliers 76 home
minnesotatimberwolves 99 sanantoniospurs 94 home
philadelphiaSSers 94 miamiheat 73 home
newyorkknicks 90 phoenixsuns 85 away
dallasmavericks 99 oklahomacitythunder 95 away
minnesotatimberwolves 94 atlantahawks 84 away
denvernuggets 87 losangeleslakers 86 home
houstonrockets 94 phoenixsuns 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 86 losangelesclippers 83 away
miamiheat 86 portlandtrailblazers 80 home
brooklynnets 97 indianapacers 92 home
torontoraptors 111 milwaukeebucks 102 home
utahjazz 109 chicagobulls 64 home
dallasmavericks 91 memphisgrizzlies 88 away
washingtonwizards 109 bostonceltics 89 home
charlottehornets 105 detroitpistons 96 away
losangeleslakers 104 chicagobulls 96 home
newyorkknicks 88 goldenstatewarriors 71 home
portlandtrailblazers 110 orlandomagic 102 away
philadelphiaSSers 114 bostonceltics 90 away
brooklynnets 86 losangelesclippers 85 away
charlottehornets 100 torontoraptors 64 away
dallasmavericks 107 utahjazz 98 away
denvernuggets 95 memphisgrizzlies 92 away
clevelandcavaliers 117 detroitpistons 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 116 dallasmavericks 110 away
goldenstatewarriors 89 chicagobulls 77 home
houstonrockets 101 indianapacers 89 away
newyorkknicks 85 orlandomagic 84 away
portlandtrailblazers 104 washingtonwizards 94 away
atlantahawks 78 newyorkknicks 74 home
bostonceltics 96 houstonrockets 81 home
charlottehornets 88 philadelphiaSSers 73 home
losangeleslakers 111 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
clevelandcavaliers 86 miamiheat 67 away
portlandtrailblazers 93 milwaukeebucks 84 away
minnesotatimberwolves 101 memphisgrizzlies 100 home
phoenixsuns 97 brooklynnets 85 home
sacramentokings 100 chicagobulls 71 home
sanantoniospurs 112 oklahomacitythunder 85 home
utahjazz 116 denvernuggets 78 home
torontoraptors 111 indianapacers 91 away
philadelphiaSSers 76 atlantahawks 67 away
bostonceltics 103 orlandomagic 98 home
clevelandcavaliers 85 miamiheat 80 home
denvernuggets 102 sanantoniospurs 92 home
detroitpistons 118 memphisgrizzlies 96 home
indianapacers 99 washingtonwizards 87 home
losangeleslakers 115 minnesotatimberwolves 108 home
charlottehornets 106 milwaukeebucks 90 away
phoenixsuns 80 goldenstatewarriors 74 home
oklahomacitythunder 98 losangelesclippers 81 home
utahjazz 97 brooklynnets 85 home
charlottehornets 109 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
dallasmavericks 108 denvernuggets 84 home
goldenstatewarriors 114 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
phoenixsuns 95 losangelesclippers 89 away
houstonrockets 91 miamiheat 80 away
torontoraptors 79 newyorkknicks 75 away
orlandomagic 114 atlantahawks 92 home
portlandtrailblazers 86 brooklynnets 84 home
sacramentokings 125 oklahomacitythunder 101 home
sanantoniospurs 96 philadelphiaSSers 76 home
washingtonwizards 107 milwaukeebucks 100 home
memphisgrizzlies 98 bostonceltics 87 away
utahjazz 94 detroitpistons 79 away
torontoraptors 101 chicagobulls 89 home
losangeleslakers 98 losangelesclippers 83 home
newyorkknicks 97 memphisgrizzlies 72 home
milwaukeebucks 104 orlandomagic 95 away
minnesotatimberwolves 96 chicagobulls 76 away
bostonceltics 87 clevelandcavaliers 72 away
dallasmavericks 107 torontoraptors 93 home
sacramentokings 88 houstonrockets 81 away
losangeleslakers 124 indianapacers 107 home
milwaukeebucks 102 miamiheat 101 away
utahjazz 98 brooklynnets 92 away
oklahomacitythunder 105 portlandtrailblazers 93 away
atlantahawks 102 washingtonwizards 75 away
losangelesclippers 106 goldenstatewarriors 83 home
denvernuggets 107 minnesotatimberwolves 100 away
miamiheat 84 newyorkknicks 81 away
utahjazz 88 orlandomagic 86 away
philadelphiaSSers 93 washingtonwizards 87 home
sanantoniospurs 82 sacramentokings 79 home
memphisgrizzlies 109 phoenixsuns 106 home
charlottehornets 103 torontoraptors 79 home
detroitpistons 97 brooklynnets 76 home
chicagobulls 91 atlantahawks 82 away
houstonrockets 109 denvernuggets 105 away
goldenstatewarriors 99 indianapacers 95 home
milwaukeebucks 108 bostonceltics 97 home
portlandtrailblazers 95 dallasmavericks 84 home
oklahomacitythunder 121 losangeleslakers 88 home
minnesotatimberwolves 102 bostonceltics 98 away
newyorkknicks 91 chicagobulls 86 away
detroitpistons 103 clevelandcavaliers 93 home
losangeleslakers 109 sanantoniospurs 100 home
utahjazz 94 miamiheat 92 away
orlandomagic 83 brooklynnets 80 home
philadelphiaSSers 95 charlottehornets 74 home
sacramentokings 105 phoenixsuns 98 home
torontoraptors 104 losangelesclippers 95 home
indianapacers 86 memphisgrizzlies 76 away
atlantahawks 101 milwaukeebucks 94 home
charlottehornets 94 utahjazz 89 home
philadelphiaSSers 112 clevelandcavaliers 78 away
denvernuggets 103 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
dallasmavericks 97 goldenstatewarriors 78 away
portlandtrailblazers 96 houstonrockets 85 away
orlandomagic 95 brooklynnets 74 away
newyorkknicks 100 minnesotatimberwolves 90 home
miamiheat 93 washingtonwizards 90 away
bostonceltics 96 losangelesclippers 87 home
detroitpistons 93 washingtonwizards 87 home
losangeleslakers 99 dallasmavericks 97 home
milwaukeebucks 92 indianapacers 80 home
phoenixsuns 84 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
oklahomacitythunder 118 goldenstatewarriors 102 home
sanantoniospurs 97 memphisgrizzlies 79 away
denvernuggets 105 philadelphiaSSers 98 home
newyorkknicks 106 losangelesclippers 78 home
miamiheat 100 atlantahawks 92 away
clevelandcavaliers 71 charlottehornets 66 home
houstonrockets 109 dallasmavericks 102 home
indianapacers 88 brooklynnets 64 home
losangeleslakers 96 philadelphiaSSers 85 home
minnesotatimberwolves 100 chicagobulls 90 home
orlandomagic 101 bostonceltics 98 home
sacramentokings 81 sanantoniospurs 75 home
utahjazz 98 torontoraptors 84 home
memphisgrizzlies 91 detroitpistons 83 home
charlottehornets 91 indianapacers 88 home
clevelandcavaliers 92 chicagobulls 88 away
dallasmavericks 94 newyorkknicks 85 home
goldenstatewarriors 125 losangeleslakers 122 home
miamiheat 95 denvernuggets 78 home
milwaukeebucks 109 brooklynnets 87 away
portlandtrailblazers 95 torontoraptors 88 home
detroitpistons 112 oklahomacitythunder 99 away
losangelesclippers 93 washingtonwizards 88 away
phoenixsuns 104 milwaukeebucks 96 away
minnesotatimberwolves 105 washingtonwizards 88 home
orlandomagic 103 denvernuggets 93 home
newyorkknicks 86 sanantoniospurs 83 away
utahjazz 98 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
indianapacers 104 bostonceltics 91 away
charlottehornets 92 losangelesclippers 87 home
dallasmavericks 105 chicagobulls 86 home
torontoraptors 108 goldenstatewarriors 92 away
oklahomacitythunder 103 losangeleslakers 95 away
miamiheat 80 atlantahawks 76 home
brooklynnets 86 phoenixsuns 84 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 portlandtrailblazers 94 away
sacramentokings 111 houstonrockets 98 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 atlantahawks 90 home
indianapacers 99 charlottehornets 96 home
milwaukeebucks 99 washingtonwizards 91 home
minnesotatimberwolves 85 losangelesclippers 73 home
newyorkknicks 96 denvernuggets 88 home
portlandtrailblazers 114 detroitpistons 83 home
sanantoniospurs 105 chicagobulls 81 home
houstonrockets 111 oklahomacitythunder 104 away
utahjazz 125 goldenstatewarriors 114 home
philadelphiaSSers 83 memphisgrizzlies 79 away
bostonceltics 104 denvernuggets 102 home
losangeleslakers 112 detroitpistons 88 home
dallasmavericks 99 brooklynnets 73 away
sacramentokings 101 miamiheat 97 home
phoenixsuns 95 torontoraptors 87 away
phoenixsuns 86 chicagobulls 80 away
losangelesclippers 92 orlandomagic 80 home
minnesotatimberwolves 96 philadelphiaSSers 91 away
sanantoniospurs 91 utahjazz 83 away
houstonrockets 82 memphisgrizzlies 75 away
atlantahawks 107 sacramentokings 99 home
clevelandcavaliers 92 dallasmavericks 87 home
miamiheat 96 denvernuggets 85 away
portlandtrailblazers 101 goldenstatewarriors 93 away
milwaukeebucks 109 losangeleslakers 105 away
brooklynnets 116 minnesotatimberwolves 94 home
oklahomacitythunder 97 orlandomagic 92 home
torontoraptors 104 indianapacers 90 home
chicagobulls 104 bostonceltics 86 away
charlottehornets 101 sacramentokings 90 home
detroitpistons 92 atlantahawks 69 home
indianapacers 97 dallasmavericks 92 home
miamiheat 94 losangelesclippers 88 away
phoenixsuns 103 sanantoniospurs 93 home
portlandtrailblazers 96 losangeleslakers 86 home
milwaukeebucks 111 utahjazz 102 away
oklahomacitythunder 94 memphisgrizzlies 93 away
philadelphiaSSers 102 washingtonwizards 82 away
houstonrockets 98 goldenstatewarriors 95 away
denvernuggets 102 sanantoniospurs 96 away
torontoraptors 70 newyorkknicks 68 home
sacramentokings 104 bostonceltics 81 away
atlantahawks 85 chicagobulls 74 away
minnesotatimberwolves 99 detroitpistons 90 away
clevelandcavaliers 103 indianapacers 95 away
losangeleslakers 98 memphisgrizzlies 76 home
milwaukeebucks 104 torontoraptors 97 home
utahjazz 89 newyorkknicks 58 away
dallasmavericks 112 philadelphiaSSers 94 away
losangelesclippers 98 phoenixsuns 88 away
portlandtrailblazers 106 orlandomagic 96 home
oklahomacitythunder 99 miamiheat 81 home
charlottehornets 103 washingtonwizards 89 away
brooklynnets 89 atlantahawks 83 away
charlottehornets 99 bostonceltics 87 home
philadelphiaSSers 99 chicagobulls 91 away
clevelandcavaliers 99 utahjazz 92 home
miamiheat 93 goldenstatewarriors 85 away
denvernuggets 102 houstonrockets 100 away
minnesotatimberwolves 113 indianapacers 110 home
sanantoniospurs 90 phoenixsuns 82 home
dallasmavericks 99 detroitpistons 90 away
washingtonwizards 103 losangelesclippers 94 away
sacramentokings 95 brooklynnets 79 away
newyorkknicks 100 milwaukeebucks 97 home
losangeleslakers 104 torontoraptors 101 away
orlandomagic 101 memphisgrizzlies 91 away
dallasmavericks 106 bostonceltics 98 away
atlantahawks 87 newyorkknicks 77 home
indianapacers 90 chicagobulls 85 away
goldenstatewarriors 120 minnesotatimberwolves 99 home
sanantoniospurs 86 houstonrockets 79 away
losangeleslakers 81 miamiheat 79 away
detroitpistons 89 phoenixsuns 84 away
sacramentokings 106 washingtonwizards 72 home
torontoraptors 103 utahjazz 95 home
bostonceltics 99 brooklynnets 86 home
charlottehornets 65 miamiheat 56 home
dallasmavericks 106 portlandtrailblazers 101 home
denvernuggets 108 detroitpistons 106 home
torontoraptors 99 indianapacers 98 away
losangelesclippers 103 minnesotatimberwolves 96 home
utahjazz 91 philadelphiaSSers 89 away
sanantoniospurs 94 clevelandcavaliers 77 home
oklahomacitythunder 89 sacramentokings 85 home
memphisgrizzlies 118 washingtonwizards 104 home
losangeleslakers 99 houstonrockets 94 away
milwaukeebucks 80 brooklynnets 78 home
bostonceltics 92 newyorkknicks 86 away
orlandomagic 99 chicagobulls 88 home
losangeleslakers 108 dallasmavericks 103 away
denvernuggets 116 portlandtrailblazers 96 home
utahjazz 109 indianapacers 101 away
miamiheat 103 clevelandcavaliers 95 home
charlottehornets 83 minnesotatimberwolves 74 away
newyorkknicks 91 philadelphiaSSers 71 away
sanantoniospurs 105 goldenstatewarriors 87 home
oklahomacitythunder 107 washingtonwizards 87 home
atlantahawks 78 torontoraptors 72 away
sacramentokings 95 memphisgrizzlies 93 away
atlantahawks 91 indianapacers 87 home
charlottehornets 88 sanantoniospurs 84 home
detroitpistons 106 chicagobulls 93 home
goldenstatewarriors 95 houstonrockets 87 away
losangelesclippers 92 memphisgrizzlies 90 home
milwaukeebucks 104 bostonceltics 99 home
utahjazz 98 minnesotatimberwolves 92 away
miamiheat 86 brooklynnets 80 away
orlandomagic 111 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
phoenixsuns 102 denvernuggets 93 home
portlandtrailblazers 87 washingtonwizards 70 home
sacramentokings 97 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
indianapacers 103 orlandomagic 93 home
portlandtrailblazers 109 losangeleslakers 104 away
charlottehornets 115 clevelandcavaliers 110 home
dallasmavericks 114 oklahomacitythunder 93 home
denvernuggets 109 losangelesclippers 108 home
detroitpistons 101 bostonceltics 96 home
milwaukeebucks 89 orlandomagic 77 home
minnesotatimberwolves 100 torontoraptors 97 home
atlantahawks 81 brooklynnets 76 away
sanantoniospurs 103 houstonrockets 95 home
philadelphiaSSers 97 utahjazz 91 away
phoenixsuns 97 memphisgrizzlies 95 away
philadelphiaSSers 118 goldenstatewarriors 110 away
oklahomacitythunder 107 houstonrockets 92 away
miamiheat 91 indianapacers 79 home
newyorkknicks 89 washingtonwizards 82 away
chicagobulls 105 sanantoniospurs 104 home
milwaukeebucks 107 clevelandcavaliers 89 away
dallasmavericks 105 losangelesclippers 96 home
torontoraptors 94 denvernuggets 93 away
minnesotatimberwolves 88 atlantahawks 81 home
bostonceltics 112 brooklynnets 111 away
orlandomagic 102 detroitpistons 96 home
losangeleslakers 115 phoenixsuns 78 away
sacramentokings 91 charlottehornets 87 home
portlandtrailblazers 103 utahjazz 102 away
clevelandcavaliers 97 atlantahawks 85 away
goldenstatewarriors 100 utahjazz 89 home
miamiheat 98 washingtonwizards 91 home
newyorkknicks 95 chicagobulls 68 home
portlandtrailblazers 104 memphisgrizzlies 81 home
orlandomagic 95 bostonceltics 90 away
houstonrockets 114 dallasmavericks 99 away
denvernuggets 120 milwaukeebucks 113 home
miamiheat 110 detroitpistons 102 away
sanantoniospurs 89 indianapacers 77 away
losangeleslakers 116 losangelesclippers 114 home
newyorkknicks 88 minnesotatimberwolves 79 away
phoenixsuns 109 torontoraptors 103 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 sacramentokings 104 away
oklahomacitythunder 104 charlottehornets 102 home
goldenstatewarriors 102 memphisgrizzlies 101 away
chicagobulls 86 brooklynnets 77 home
washingtonwizards 110 detroitpistons 96 home
minnesotatimberwolves 106 houstonrockets 96 home
portlandtrailblazers 89 charlottehornets 67 home
atlantahawks 92 bostonceltics 81 home
milwaukeebucks 104 chicagobulls 70 away
houstonrockets 100 clevelandcavaliers 95 away
losangelesclippers 110 torontoraptors 97 home
brooklynnets 120 orlandomagic 110 away
sacramentokings 121 phoenixsuns 117 home
sanantoniospurs 80 miamiheat 72 home
indianapacers 91 oklahomacitythunder 83 away
washingtonwizards 115 minnesotatimberwolves 108 home
newyorkknicks 100 bostonceltics 91 away
detroitpistons 107 dallasmavericks 104 away
denvernuggets 111 goldenstatewarriors 100 away
losangeleslakers 82 utahjazz 71 home
milwaukeebucks 88 clevelandcavaliers 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 98 atlantahawks 80 home
phoenixsuns 90 losangelesclippers 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 indianapacers 86 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 charlottehornets 89 home
chicagobulls 98 washingtonwizards 96 home
houstonrockets 107 detroitpistons 97 home
miamiheat 81 brooklynnets 78 home
minnesotatimberwolves 105 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
newyorkknicks 95 orlandomagic 92 home
denvernuggets 100 utahjazz 87 home
charlottehornets 86 losangelesclippers 73 away
philadelphiaSSers 121 oklahomacitythunder 89 home
phoenixsuns 108 memphisgrizzlies 76 home
portlandtrailblazers 119 milwaukeebucks 115 home
indianapacers 93 sacramentokings 91 away
dallasmavericks 115 torontoraptors 105 away
goldenstatewarriors 100 bostonceltics 88 away
atlantahawks 83 orlandomagic 82 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 clevelandcavaliers 103 away
utahjazz 99 houstonrockets 97 away
miamiheat 112 bostonceltics 86 home
brooklynnets 97 goldenstatewarriors 92 home
sanantoniospurs 108 detroitpistons 101 home
dallasmavericks 103 washingtonwizards 85 away
denvernuggets 94 charlottehornets 87 home
losangelesclippers 118 losangeleslakers 95 home
newyorkknicks 103 washingtonwizards 87 home
minnesotatimberwolves 108 phoenixsuns 88 away
torontoraptors 94 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 120 milwaukeebucks 117 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 bostonceltics 90 away
dallasmavericks 104 chicagobulls 91 away
clevelandcavaliers 92 brooklynnets 90 home
indianapacers 85 losangelesclippers 82 away
miamiheat 88 goldenstatewarriors 78 home
sacramentokings 100 minnesotatimberwolves 97 home
oklahomacitythunder 95 atlantahawks 86 away
charlottehornets 102 chicagobulls 95 home
milwaukeebucks 99 washingtonwizards 95 home
philadelphiaSSers 104 brooklynnets 87 away
sanantoniospurs 112 orlandomagic 95 away
houstonrockets 110 torontoraptors 91 away
utahjazz 103 indianapacers 99 home
denvernuggets 112 memphisgrizzlies 105 away
bostonceltics 88 miamiheat 76 home
torontoraptors 110 detroitpistons 85 away
losangelesclippers 92 denvernuggets 86 home
dallasmavericks 106 minnesotatimberwolves 86 away
portlandtrailblazers 93 philadelphiaSSers 75 away
sacramentokings 108 clevelandcavaliers 103 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 washingtonwizards 101 away
atlantahawks 107 goldenstatewarriors 96 home
portlandtrailblazers 83 charlottehornets 70 away
milwaukeebucks 102 dallasmavericks 94 home
orlandomagic 101 brooklynnets 87 away
houstonrockets 76 newyorkknicks 75 away
phoenixsuns 93 indianapacers 85 home
torontoraptors 93 bostonceltics 72 away
charlottehornets 86 chicagobulls 85 away
denvernuggets 106 sacramentokings 93 home
sanantoniospurs 111 detroitpistons 90 away
losangeleslakers 101 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
minnesotatimberwolves 95 losangelesclippers 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 115 memphisgrizzlies 102 home
philadelphiaSSers 86 washingtonwizards 82 away
atlantahawks 108 losangelesclippers 88 home
phoenixsuns 103 dallasmavericks 86 away
sacramentokings 84 houstonrockets 81 away
indianapacers 87 miamiheat 71 home
milwaukeebucks 115 brooklynnets 81 home
newyorkknicks 91 portlandtrailblazers 78 home
orlandomagic 111 goldenstatewarriors 94 home
philadelphiaSSers 100 sanantoniospurs 83 home
utahjazz 111 losangeleslakers 103 home
memphisgrizzlies 119 clevelandcavaliers 107 home
portlandtrailblazers 103 detroitpistons 96 away
miamiheat 90 chicagobulls 81 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 phoenixsuns 87 away
torontoraptors 107 charlottehornets 99 home
brooklynnets 84 atlantahawks 78 away
sacramentokings 116 dallasmavericks 105 away
denvernuggets 122 oklahomacitythunder 111 home
clevelandcavaliers 107 goldenstatewarriors 101 away
indianapacers 89 losangelesclippers 74 home
losangeleslakers 113 memphisgrizzlies 112 home
bostonceltics 107 minnesotatimberwolves 102 away
newyorkknicks 104 sanantoniospurs 82 home
orlandomagic 113 chicagobulls 104 home
philadelphiaSSers 84 charlottehornets 79 home
utahjazz 116 houstonrockets 104 home
milwaukeebucks 101 washingtonwizards 95 away
houstonrockets 114 torontoraptors 99 home
miamiheat 93 detroitpistons 85 home
milwaukeebucks 112 losangelesclippers 91 home
portlandtrailblazers 103 clevelandcavaliers 83 home
dallasmavericks 91 charlottehornets 90 away
denvernuggets 121 memphisgrizzlies 97 home
brooklynnets 108 washingtonwizards 89 home
philadelphiaSSers 99 chicagobulls 88 home
sacramentokings 111 bostonceltics 106 home
torontoraptors 98 sanantoniospurs 91 away
phoenixsuns 89 oklahomacitythunder 80 away
minnesotatimberwolves 89 utahjazz 81 away
detroitpistons 116 chicagobulls 110 away
dallasmavericks 115 orlandomagic 106 home
houstonrockets 112 goldenstatewarriors 104 away
indianapacers 84 atlantahawks 76 home
bostonceltics 82 losangelesclippers 79 away
portlandtrailblazers 85 miamiheat 74 home
milwaukeebucks 105 charlottehornets 98 away
denvernuggets 91 clevelandcavaliers 88 home
newyorkknicks 97 detroitpistons 91 away
losangeleslakers 114 houstonrockets 101 home
philadelphiaSSers 97 brooklynnets 86 home
goldenstatewarriors 103 phoenixsuns 95 away
minnesotatimberwolves 98 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
torontoraptors 101 washingtonwizards 79 home
miamiheat 97 memphisgrizzlies 86 away
dallasmavericks 97 denvernuggets 79 home
brooklynnets 123 chicagobulls 103 home
sacramentokings 111 portlandtrailblazers 101 away
orlandomagic 112 sanantoniospurs 109 away
milwaukeebucks 102 detroitpistons 98 away
goldenstatewarriors 94 bostonceltics 91 home
miamiheat 103 losangeleslakers 92 away
indianapacers 87 newyorkknicks 74 away
torontoraptors 110 philadelphiaSSers 106 away
oklahomacitythunder 109 sacramentokings 107 home
utahjazz 109 phoenixsuns 98 home
minnesotatimberwolves 96 memphisgrizzlies 94 away
washingtonwizards 94 atlantahawks 90 home
clevelandcavaliers 84 portlandtrailblazers 58 home
bostonceltics 83 atlantahawks 82 home
portlandtrailblazers 104 chicagobulls 100 away
philadelphiaSSers 114 dallasmavericks 98 away
denvernuggets 105 houstonrockets 100 home
milwaukeebucks 105 newyorkknicks 91 home
minnesotatimberwolves 82 phoenixsuns 73 home
orlandomagic 116 torontoraptors 111 home
sacramentokings 130 brooklynnets 104 home
sanantoniospurs 110 memphisgrizzlies 77 home
oklahomacitythunder 91 losangeleslakers 80 home
utahjazz 100 goldenstatewarriors 78 home
washingtonwizards 97 charlottehornets 95 home
charlottehornets 81 newyorkknicks 67 home
clevelandcavaliers 94 chicagobulls 86 home
phoenixsuns 106 detroitpistons 73 away
goldenstatewarriors 109 brooklynnets 87 home
philadelphiaSSers 85 houstonrockets 84 away
oklahomacitythunder 114 losangelesclippers 110 away
miamiheat 103 torontoraptors 83 home
dallasmavericks 120 memphisgrizzlies 83 home
portlandtrailblazers 92 indianapacers 82 away
minnesotatimberwolves 109 orlandomagic 100 home
sanantoniospurs 97 sacramentokings 91 away
utahjazz 98 denvernuggets 96 home
washingtonwizards 106 atlantahawks 99 away
bostonceltics 99 phoenixsuns 83 home
oklahomacitythunder 107 goldenstatewarriors 105 away
houstonrockets 106 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
losangeleslakers 113 brooklynnets 101 home
philadelphiaSSers 105 detroitpistons 89 home
houstonrockets 110 charlottehornets 97 away
torontoraptors 90 chicagobulls 80 away
atlantahawks 101 clevelandcavaliers 90 away
denvernuggets 102 dallasmavericks 100 home
sacramentokings 101 losangelesclippers 89 away
detroitpistons 108 milwaukeebucks 103 away
minnesotatimberwolves 93 portlandtrailblazers 80 home
miamiheat 81 orlandomagic 59 away
oklahomacitythunder 106 brooklynnets 97 home
sanantoniospurs 99 utahjazz 86 away
washingtonwizards 89 phoenixsuns 82 home
philadelphiaSSers 86 indianapacers 81 away
newyorkknicks 91 losangeleslakers 81 home
phoenixsuns 95 atlantahawks 82 away
bostonceltics 99 detroitpistons 87 home
utahjazz 97 denvernuggets 91 away
charlottehornets 93 goldenstatewarriors 85 away
sanantoniospurs 96 losangelesclippers 67 away
minnesotatimberwolves 99 milwaukeebucks 96 home
memphisgrizzlies 97 brooklynnets 86 home
washingtonwizards 95 clevelandcavaliers 89 home
losangeleslakers 102 clevelandcavaliers 96 away
miamiheat 103 houstonrockets 85 away
orlandomagic 93 indianapacers 86 home
portlandtrailblazers 92 chicagobulls 81 home
sacramentokings 105 goldenstatewarriors 79 home
utahjazz 102 oklahomacitythunder 88 away
torontoraptors 96 philadelphiaSSers 89 home
atlantahawks 102 torontoraptors 97 home
bostonceltics 102 indianapacers 96 away
milwaukeebucks 116 denvernuggets 111 home
minnesotatimberwolves 96 losangeleslakers 83 home
detroitpistons 112 brooklynnets 103 away
phoenixsuns 101 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
sanantoniospurs 92 losangelesclippers 70 home
orlandomagic 100 washingtonwizards 96 away
minnesotatimberwolves 90 clevelandcavaliers 81 away
dallasmavericks 95 miamiheat 91 home
losangelesclippers 101 houstonrockets 84 away
philadelphiaSSers 87 newyorkknicks 80 away
portlandtrailblazers 100 phoenixsuns 92 home
oklahomacitythunder 97 chicagobulls 91 home
utahjazz 87 charlottehornets 76 home
miamiheat 91 atlantahawks 80 away
bostonceltics 102 detroitpistons 95 away
indianapacers 103 denvernuggets 94 home
losangeleslakers 93 charlottehornets 87 home
newyorkknicks 95 brooklynnets 71 away
orlandomagic 123 philadelphiaSSers 117 away
sacramentokings 105 memphisgrizzlies 95 home
detroitpistons 88 clevelandcavaliers 81 away
dallasmavericks 101 goldenstatewarriors 95 home
losangelesclippers 90 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
milwaukeebucks 104 indianapacers 85 home
orlandomagic 96 atlantahawks 84 home
sanantoniospurs 90 houstonrockets 88 home
minnesotatimberwolves 108 torontoraptors 105 away
utahjazz 111 oklahomacitythunder 91 home
memphisgrizzlies 91 chicagobulls 84 home
denvernuggets 105 washingtonwizards 100 away
bostonceltics 103 clevelandcavaliers 82 home
losangeleslakers 100 sacramentokings 94 home
newyorkknicks 103 miamiheat 100 away
brooklynnets 96 philadelphiaSSers 89 home
phoenixsuns 85 charlottehornets 82 home
dallasmavericks 91 atlantahawks 81 away
houstonrockets 100 newyorkknicks 86 home
losangelesclippers 102 chicagobulls 82 home
philadelphiaSSers 99 denvernuggets 80 home
sanantoniospurs 109 goldenstatewarriors 85 home
oklahomacitythunder 95 memphisgrizzlies 82 home
torontoraptors 110 bostonceltics 98 home
orlandomagic 109 charlottehornets 83 away
detroitpistons 94 denvernuggets 83 home
miamiheat 102 indianapacers 89 home
milwaukeebucks 112 sacramentokings 109 home
brooklynnets 90 atlantahawks 84 home
phoenixsuns 97 chicagobulls 80 home
bostonceltics 94 milwaukeebucks 91 home
sanantoniospurs 107 clevelandcavaliers 89 away
goldenstatewarriors 89 losangelesclippers 88 home
losangeleslakers 85 phoenixsuns 83 home
minnesotatimberwolves 117 sacramentokings 88 home
newyorkknicks 96 dallasmavericks 93 home
orlandomagic 107 washingtonwizards 98 home
houstonrockets 112 philadelphiaSSers 87 away
portlandtrailblazers 97 oklahomacitythunder 80 home
utahjazz 92 memphisgrizzlies 82 away
charlottehornets 101 atlantahawks 84 home
houstonrockets 103 detroitpistons 90 away
brooklynnets 99 sanantoniospurs 97 home
torontoraptors 99 denvernuggets 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 bostonceltics 98 home
chicagobulls 96 atlantahawks 92 home
torontoraptors 120 clevelandcavaliers 105 away
denvernuggets 96 newyorkknicks 77 home
phoenixsuns 93 goldenstatewarriors 83 away
houstonrockets 99 washingtonwizards 89 home
charlottehornets 77 indianapacers 66 away
miamiheat 101 losangelesclippers 99 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 milwaukeebucks 104 away
losangeleslakers 113 brooklynnets 110 away
portlandtrailblazers 109 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
sanantoniospurs 104 dallasmavericks 92 home
sacramentokings 97 utahjazz 94 away
milwaukeebucks 102 atlantahawks 98 away
detroitpistons 105 brooklynnets 86 home
orlandomagic 114 losangelesclippers 101 home
philadelphiaSSers 112 losangeleslakers 97 home
phoenixsuns 104 minnesotatimberwolves 96 home
utahjazz 106 newyorkknicks 90 home
dallasmavericks 102 clevelandcavaliers 81 home
indianapacers 82 detroitpistons 73 home
portlandtrailblazers 105 sacramentokings 81 home
sanantoniospurs 102 washingtonwizards 78 home
bostonceltics 108 oklahomacitythunder 88 away
miamiheat 98 torontoraptors 91 away
memphisgrizzlies 99 goldenstatewarriors 89 home
losangeleslakers 99 charlottehornets 94 away
memphisgrizzlies 92 goldenstatewarriors 79 away
sanantoniospurs 91 minnesotatimberwolves 85 away
newyorkknicks 114 brooklynnets 104 home
orlandomagic 108 houstonrockets 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 108 losangelesclippers 93 home
sacramentokings 117 denvernuggets 84 home
chicagobulls 89 miamiheat 82 home
dallasmavericks 112 washingtonwizards 105 home
houstonrockets 92 clevelandcavaliers 80 home
charlottehornets 103 milwaukeebucks 93 away
bostonceltics 85 portlandtrailblazers 81 away
atlantahawks 101 oklahomacitythunder 94 away
washingtonwizards 101 denvernuggets 98 away
atlantahawks 98 goldenstatewarriors 91 away
indianapacers 110 losangeleslakers 109 home
memphisgrizzlies 110 minnesotatimberwolves 102 away
brooklynnets 102 losangelesclippers 96 home
orlandomagic 96 newyorkknicks 88 home
philadelphiaSSers 104 phoenixsuns 98 home
utahjazz 94 sacramentokings 90 away
sanantoniospurs 92 torontoraptors 74 away
clevelandcavaliers 85 chicagobulls 84 home
losangelesclippers 111 detroitpistons 106 away
milwaukeebucks 102 sanantoniospurs 98 home
utahjazz 114 bostonceltics 99 home
milwaukeebucks 101 chicagobulls 92 away
losangeleslakers 119 dallasmavericks 109 away
houstonrockets 101 bostonceltics 84 home
newyorkknicks 76 miamiheat 74 home
phoenixsuns 110 orlandomagic 104 away
portlandtrailblazers 104 denvernuggets 94 home
sacramentokings 94 atlantahawks 80 home
torontoraptors 113 goldenstatewarriors 102 home
memphisgrizzlies 116 washingtonwizards 104 away
losangelesclippers 100 clevelandcavaliers 94 away
detroitpistons 90 newyorkknicks 85 home
phoenixsuns 100 miamiheat 85 away
houstonrockets 89 minnesotatimberwolves 83 away
brooklynnets 113 torontoraptors 111 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 memphisgrizzlies 91 home
losangeleslakers 101 sanantoniospurs 99 away
oklahomacitythunder 127 denvernuggets 98 home
charlottehornets 93 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
losangelesclippers 93 chicagobulls 80 away
dallasmavericks 98 bostonceltics 91 home
utahjazz 90 portlandtrailblazers 84 away
sacramentokings 115 washingtonwizards 110 away
indianapacers 92 clevelandcavaliers 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 99 detroitpistons 78 away
houstonrockets 105 orlandomagic 95 home
losangeleslakers 113 atlantahawks 106 home
milwaukeebucks 93 memphisgrizzlies 81 home
minnesotatimberwolves 122 goldenstatewarriors 83 home
phoenixsuns 88 newyorkknicks 84 away
sanantoniospurs 100 bostonceltics 82 home
utahjazz 96 oklahomacitythunder 84 away
sacramentokings 119 torontoraptors 118 away
charlottehornets 86 philadelphiaSSers 85 home
chicagobulls 90 memphisgrizzlies 75 home
sanantoniospurs 107 dallasmavericks 104 away
denvernuggets 85 atlantahawks 82 home
losangelesclippers 123 portlandtrailblazers 120 home
miamiheat 75 brooklynnets 70 home
torontoraptors 106 washingtonwizards 99 away
clevelandcavaliers 101 detroitpistons 94 away
indianapacers 110 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
losangeleslakers 106 orlandomagic 100 home
milwaukeebucks 122 goldenstatewarriors 95 home
brooklynnets 101 washingtonwizards 91 home
newyorkknicks 88 sacramentokings 86 home
phoenixsuns 90 utahjazz 80 home
bostonceltics 85 oklahomacitythunder 82 home
charlottehornets 82 indianapacers 72 home
goldenstatewarriors 84 chicagobulls 78 away
orlandomagic 93 denvernuggets 86 away
portlandtrailblazers 95 houstonrockets 89 away
dallasmavericks 103 losangelesclippers 92 away
milwaukeebucks 98 philadelphiaSSers 91 away
utahjazz 99 atlantahawks 82 home
miamiheat 103 washingtonwizards 95 home
newyorkknicks 101 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
sacramentokings 106 losangelesclippers 93 home
portlandtrailblazers 95 sanantoniospurs 87 away
torontoraptors 101 clevelandcavaliers 89 home
dallasmavericks 116 memphisgrizzlies 112 away
torontoraptors 95 atlantahawks 88 away
charlottehornets 91 brooklynnets 88 home
houstonrockets 95 chicagobulls 78 away
denvernuggets 107 losangeleslakers 101 home
sacramentokings 122 goldenstatewarriors 101 away
indianapacers 99 milwaukeebucks 86 home
minnesotatimberwolves 111 detroitpistons 100 home
philadelphiaSSers 79 miamiheat 69 home
orlandomagic 97 phoenixsuns 91 away
utahjazz 101 memphisgrizzlies 83 home
oklahomacitythunder 101 clevelandcavaliers 99 away
houstonrockets 108 milwaukeebucks 91 away
newyorkknicks 95 bostonceltics 88 home
portlandtrailblazers 94 losangelesclippers 81 home
sanantoniospurs 91 phoenixsuns 71 home
charlottehornets 105 atlantahawks 99 away
bostonceltics 103 utahjazz 99 home
chicagobulls 81 newyorkknicks 72 home
minnesotatimberwolves 89 denvernuggets 71 away
miamiheat 97 detroitpistons 93 away
oklahomacitythunder 86 indianapacers 83 away
losangelesclippers 88 sacramentokings 81 home
orlandomagic 120 clevelandcavaliers 94 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 washingtonwizards 102 home
torontoraptors 107 brooklynnets 90 home
dallasmavericks 100 houstonrockets 95 home
milwaukeebucks 126 chicagobulls 122 home
phoenixsuns 97 denvernuggets 82 home
portlandtrailblazers 122 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
sanantoniospurs 124 atlantahawks 95 home
losangeleslakers 98 memphisgrizzlies 88 away
charlottehornets 116 bostonceltics 97 away
miamiheat 91 clevelandcavaliers 79 away
detroitpistons 93 orlandomagic 84 home
brooklynnets 120 indianapacers 96 away
losangeleslakers 110 goldenstatewarriors 95 home
minnesotatimberwolves 119 oklahomacitythunder 111 home
torontoraptors 98 newyorkknicks 88 home
utahjazz 118 washingtonwizards 98 away
utahjazz 109 atlantahawks 102 away
losangelesclippers 99 denvernuggets 86 home
miamiheat 87 detroitpistons 84 home
milwaukeebucks 107 brooklynnets 100 away
orlandomagic 95 dallasmavericks 81 home
sanantoniospurs 91 memphisgrizzlies 77 away
minnesotatimberwolves 95 charlottehornets 89 away
chicagobulls 87 clevelandcavaliers 74 home
phoenixsuns 93 denvernuggets 82 away
losangeleslakers 97 goldenstatewarriors 85 away
newyorkknicks 97 indianapacers 83 home
memphisgrizzlies 105 portlandtrailblazers 97 away
sacramentokings 98 torontoraptors 91 home
sanantoniospurs 101 oklahomacitythunder 73 away
houstonrockets 104 atlantahawks 98 away
milwaukeebucks 101 bostonceltics 94 away
washingtonwizards 88 clevelandcavaliers 83 away
newyorkknicks 79 indianapacers 75 away
losangeleslakers 97 torontoraptors 85 home
dallasmavericks 93 miamiheat 86 away
orlandomagic 112 detroitpistons 102 home
philadelphiaSSers 102 brooklynnets 94 home
sacramentokings 100 phoenixsuns 89 away
utahjazz 86 oklahomacitythunder 82 home
charlottehornets 97 orlandomagic 84 home
houstonrockets 99 losangelesclippers 87 home
sanantoniospurs 93 portlandtrailblazers 79 away
bostonceltics 104 washingtonwizards 72 home
dallasmavericks 102 goldenstatewarriors 73 home
detroitpistons 108 chicagobulls 75 home
indianapacers 99 clevelandcavaliers 84 home
sanantoniospurs 93 losangeleslakers 89 away
miamiheat 86 minnesotatimberwolves 79 home
brooklynnets 96 newyorkknicks 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 108 atlantahawks 103 home
sacramentokings 110 denvernuggets 104 home
torontoraptors 110 oklahomacitythunder 99 away
utahjazz 107 phoenixsuns 95 home
memphisgrizzlies 95 portlandtrailblazers 85 home
atlantahawks 93 chicagobulls 90 home
charlottehornets 100 milwaukeebucks 90 home
houstonrockets 86 goldenstatewarriors 81 home
orlandomagic 105 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
washingtonwizards 107 brooklynnets 101 home
philadelphiaSSers 97 bostonceltics 91 away
clevelandcavaliers 124 milwaukeebucks 110 home
dallasmavericks 111 losangelesclippers 93 home
detroitpistons 95 indianapacers 78 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 losangeleslakers 97 away
newyorkknicks 86 miamiheat 83 home
phoenixsuns 94 houstonrockets 92 home
sacramentokings 105 utahjazz 90 home
torontoraptors 101 memphisgrizzlies 84 away
charlottehornets 102 chicagobulls 94 home
denvernuggets 84 goldenstatewarriors 79 away
minnesotatimberwolves 94 miamiheat 77 home
sanantoniospurs 99 losangelesclippers 81 home
atlantahawks 109 memphisgrizzlies 99 home
dallasmavericks 122 brooklynnets 98 home
houstonrockets 127 indianapacers 118 home
losangeleslakers 112 bostonceltics 107 home
newyorkknicks 98 clevelandcavaliers 79 home
sacramentokings 114 orlandomagic 108 away
oklahomacitythunder 99 portlandtrailblazers 90 home
milwaukeebucks 101 torontoraptors 97 away
charlottehornets 100 memphisgrizzlies 95 home
philadelphiaSSers 85 chicagobulls 67 away
orlandomagic 97 clevelandcavaliers 87 away
denvernuggets 95 indianapacers 83 home
utahjazz 102 goldenstatewarriors 83 away
miamiheat 114 sacramentokings 104 home
phoenixsuns 84 portlandtrailblazers 79 away
sanantoniospurs 106 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
washingtonwizards 103 detroitpistons 96 home
dallasmavericks 103 minnesotatimberwolves 83 home
losangeleslakers 125 detroitpistons 119 away
houstonrockets 108 brooklynnets 106 home
oklahomacitythunder 108 milwaukeebucks 102 away
newyorkknicks 88 torontoraptors 72 home
bostonceltics 105 phoenixsuns 101 away
oklahomacitythunder 90 chicagobulls 80 away
clevelandcavaliers 114 charlottehornets 109 home
bostonceltics 87 denvernuggets 83 away
indianapacers 103 atlantahawks 97 home
losangelesclippers 94 goldenstatewarriors 76 home
orlandomagic 103 memphisgrizzlies 99 home
sacramentokings 100 philadelphiaSSers 79 away
portlandtrailblazers 90 utahjazz 87 home
sanantoniospurs 95 brooklynnets 86 home
losangeleslakers 101 washingtonwizards 89 away
detroitpistons 106 atlantahawks 90 away
charlottehornets 95 washingtonwizards 93 home
dallasmavericks 109 phoenixsuns 99 home
houstonrockets 103 sanantoniospurs 99 home
miamiheat 95 memphisgrizzlies 81 home
milwaukeebucks 87 philadelphiaSSers 78 home
newyorkknicks 101 chicagobulls 80 home
denvernuggets 98 brooklynnets 84 home
milwaukeebucks 100 detroitpistons 96 away
oklahomacitythunder 104 goldenstatewarriors 99 away
indianapacers 101 sacramentokings 95 home
utahjazz 111 losangelesclippers 96 away
minnesotatimberwolves 91 clevelandcavaliers 76 home
losangeleslakers 95 orlandomagic 90 away
atlantahawks 108 losangeleslakers 106 home
sanantoniospurs 98 portlandtrailblazers 85 home
oklahomacitythunder 93 philadelphiaSSers 89 home
orlandomagic 103 chicagobulls 95 away
newyorkknicks 110 clevelandcavaliers 75 away
portlandtrailblazers 96 dallasmavericks 88 away
losangelesclippers 88 philadelphiaSSers 77 home
brooklynnets 104 memphisgrizzlies 90 home
phoenixsuns 105 washingtonwizards 91 home
sacramentokings 125 houstonrockets 109 home
torontoraptors 102 indianapacers 81 home
utahjazz 84 detroitpistons 79 home
charlottehornets 111 torontoraptors 95 home
washingtonwizards 99 goldenstatewarriors 94 away
indianapacers 96 orlandomagic 95 home
miamiheat 109 chicagobulls 81 home
milwaukeebucks 107 losangeleslakers 100 home
minnesotatimberwolves 109 dallasmavericks 97 home
sanantoniospurs 97 bostonceltics 77 away
sanantoniospurs 115 atlantahawks 101 away
clevelandcavaliers 109 memphisgrizzlies 95 home
losangelesclippers 97 houstonrockets 92 home
bostonceltics 113 brooklynnets 98 away
sacramentokings 103 detroitpistons 98 home
phoenixsuns 91 oklahomacitythunder 88 away
portlandtrailblazers 101 utahjazz 99 away
chicagobulls 93 charlottehornets 90 home
indianapacers 95 memphisgrizzlies 75 home
losangeleslakers 104 washingtonwizards 91 home
milwaukeebucks 115 orlandomagic 103 home
minnesotatimberwolves 101 denvernuggets 90 home
brooklynnets 95 newyorkknicks 86 away
phoenixsuns 84 philadelphiaSSers 71 home
torontoraptors 112 atlantahawks 86 home
clevelandcavaliers 117 denvernuggets 105 home
dallasmavericks 103 charlottehornets 100 home
goldenstatewarriors 103 detroitpistons 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 93 houstonrockets 90 home
utahjazz 119 washingtonwizards 93 home
bostonceltics 102 chicagobulls 98 home
miamiheat 88 sanantoniospurs 83 home
milwaukeebucks 105 atlantahawks 98 home
minnesotatimberwolves 105 brooklynnets 91 home
orlandomagic 84 indianapacers 82 home
losangeleslakers 84 sacramentokings 72 away
torontoraptors 102 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
denvernuggets 109 chicagobulls 104 away
newyorkknicks 89 goldenstatewarriors 87 away
philadelphiaSSers 90 milwaukeebucks 78 home
phoenixsuns 104 losangeleslakers 83 home
portlandtrailblazers 104 losangelesclippers 96 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 clevelandcavaliers 86 home
dallasmavericks 98 utahjazz 90 away
bostonceltics 115 atlantahawks 112 away
houstonrockets 109 utahjazz 86 home
losangelesclippers 101 detroitpistons 94 home
torontoraptors 101 miamiheat 92 away
sacramentokings 124 newyorkknicks 117 home
sanantoniospurs 93 charlottehornets 79 home
indianapacers 110 washingtonwizards 102 away
sacramentokings 108 losangeleslakers 84 away
brooklynnets 99 denvernuggets 96 home
orlandomagic 96 philadelphiaSSers 95 away
phoenixsuns 103 clevelandcavaliers 94 home
dallasmavericks 94 portlandtrailblazers 84 away
oklahomacitythunder 94 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
atlantahawks 104 indianapacers 93 home
bostonceltics 106 chicagobulls 104 away
phoenixsuns 90 houstonrockets 85 away
milwaukeebucks 104 miamiheat 96 home
sanantoniospurs 106 utahjazz 88 home
memphisgrizzlies 89 newyorkknicks 68 home
washingtonwizards 116 goldenstatewarriors 100 home
indianapacers 92 bostonceltics 87 away
denvernuggets 103 charlottehornets 96 away
detroitpistons 100 orlandomagic 97 home
losangeleslakers 98 dallasmavericks 89 home
philadelphiaSSers 102 goldenstatewarriors 89 home
portlandtrailblazers 96 newyorkknicks 79 home
sacramentokings 110 minnesotatimberwolves 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 94 losangelesclippers 84 home
torontoraptors 110 brooklynnets 99 home
utahjazz 95 clevelandcavaliers 88 home
atlantahawks 99 denvernuggets 88 home
miamiheat 97 chicagobulls 90 away
losangelesclippers 104 clevelandcavaliers 97 home
milwaukeebucks 86 sanantoniospurs 77 away
houstonrockets 96 washingtonwizards 86 away
charlottehornets 80 bostonceltics 79 home
detroitpistons 104 goldenstatewarriors 87 home
newyorkknicks 79 losangeleslakers 78 away
brooklynnets 101 houstonrockets 98 home
philadelphiaSSers 104 indianapacers 93 home
phoenixsuns 106 milwaukeebucks 99 home
minnesotatimberwolves 99 portlandtrailblazers 95 away
dallasmavericks 119 sacramentokings 107 away
orlandomagic 104 torontoraptors 101 away
utahjazz 92 memphisgrizzlies 73 away
detroitpistons 110 chicagobulls 83 away
denvernuggets 94 portlandtrailblazers 92 home
dallasmavericks 109 houstonrockets 97 away
indianapacers 85 phoenixsuns 81 home
bostonceltics 82 miamiheat 77 away
charlottehornets 103 brooklynnets 88 away
newyorkknicks 94 orlandomagic 82 home
milwaukeebucks 107 sacramentokings 101 away
sanantoniospurs 107 oklahomacitythunder 89 home
torontoraptors 100 philadelphiaSSers 85 home
losangeleslakers 96 utahjazz 88 away
phoenixsuns 103 charlottehornets 94 away
torontoraptors 97 clevelandcavaliers 94 away
philadelphiaSSers 90 detroitpistons 84 away
milwaukeebucks 108 goldenstatewarriors 78 away
minnesotatimberwolves 83 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
orlandomagic 108 bostonceltics 101 home
memphisgrizzlies 86 losangelesclippers 78 home
miamiheat 86 washingtonwizards 84 away
losangeleslakers 100 chicagobulls 88 away
dallasmavericks 108 atlantahawks 94 home
sanantoniospurs 101 denvernuggets 80 away
houstonrockets 91 oklahomacitythunder 88 home
newyorkknicks 93 washingtonwizards 80 home
sacramentokings 92 utahjazz 86 away
losangeleslakers 100 bostonceltics 96 away
portlandtrailblazers 122 goldenstatewarriors 91 away
indianapacers 100 chicagobulls 93 home
losangelesclippers 113 milwaukeebucks 110 home
miamiheat 81 charlottehornets 76 home
minnesotatimberwolves 101 phoenixsuns 88 home
torontoraptors 108 orlandomagic 100 away
philadelphiaSSers 96 clevelandcavaliers 88 home
sacramentokings 118 memphisgrizzlies 90 away
detroitpistons 97 charlottehornets 92 away
phoenixsuns 102 clevelandcavaliers 98 away
utahjazz 116 dallasmavericks 103 away
denvernuggets 98 memphisgrizzlies 97 home
houstonrockets 110 atlantahawks 97 home
sanantoniospurs 93 losangelesclippers 83 away
bostonceltics 102 washingtonwizards 100 away
sanantoniospurs 84 goldenstatewarriors 76 away
miamiheat 81 newyorkknicks 76 home
losangeleslakers 104 minnesotatimberwolves 99 away
indianapacers 108 brooklynnets 83 away
sacramentokings 98 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 101 milwaukeebucks 88 home
torontoraptors 100 chicagobulls 88 home
detroitpistons 81 atlantahawks 69 home
indianapacers 100 washingtonwizards 78 home
newyorkknicks 113 charlottehornets 98 home
philadelphiaSSers 108 bostonceltics 95 home
utahjazz 96 houstonrockets 81 home
clevelandcavaliers 101 orlandomagic 78 home
denvernuggets 100 houstonrockets 99 away
losangeleslakers 106 phoenixsuns 80 home
miamiheat 83 philadelphiaSSers 81 home
milwaukeebucks 105 chicagobulls 84 home
portlandtrailblazers 116 goldenstatewarriors 88 home
sacramentokings 116 losangelesclippers 109 home
sanantoniospurs 91 dallasmavericks 79 home
minnesotatimberwolves 104 memphisgrizzlies 91 away
atlantahawks 107 clevelandcavaliers 102 home
miamiheat 102 bostonceltics 97 away
detroitpistons 99 torontoraptors 87 home
indianapacers 100 newyorkknicks 93 home
phoenixsuns 111 dallasmavericks 106 home
oklahomacitythunder 107 goldenstatewarriors 101 home
chicagobulls 113 washingtonwizards 109 away
charlottehornets 88 brooklynnets 78 home
losangeleslakers 119 minnesotatimberwolves 102 home
milwaukeebucks 115 utahjazz 93 home
orlandomagic 101 philadelphiaSSers 77 home
sacramentokings 107 sanantoniospurs 105 away
portlandtrailblazers 100 memphisgrizzlies 87 away
utahjazz 94 chicagobulls 83 away
dallasmavericks 101 sacramentokings 97 home
denvernuggets 108 goldenstatewarriors 92 home
indianapacers 113 bostonceltics 108 home
losangelesclippers 111 minnesotatimberwolves 105 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 brooklynnets 91 away
newyorkknicks 101 atlantahawks 65 home
phoenixsuns 109 oklahomacitythunder 100 home
houstonrockets 109 portlandtrailblazers 103 away
torontoraptors 94 miamiheat 82 home
washingtonwizards 113 orlandomagic 110 home
detroitpistons 129 atlantahawks 124 away
losangelesclippers 106 goldenstatewarriors 94 away
milwaukeebucks 112 torontoraptors 86 home
sanantoniospurs 111 denvernuggets 95 home
houstonrockets 100 memphisgrizzlies 95 away
bostonceltics 95 brooklynnets 88 home
indianapacers 93 chicagobulls 86 away
charlottehornets 99 detroitpistons 90 away
losangeleslakers 105 portlandtrailblazers 100 home
orlandomagic 90 miamiheat 73 away
minnesotatimberwolves 107 utahjazz 100 home
philadelphiaSSers 89 newyorkknicks 82 home
phoenixsuns 88 sacramentokings 86 home
dallasmavericks 107 oklahomacitythunder 99 away
clevelandcavaliers 106 washingtonwizards 98 away
charlottehornets 106 atlantahawks 83 home
clevelandcavaliers 80 newyorkknicks 78 home
dallasmavericks 110 goldenstatewarriors 101 away
losangelesclippers 100 phoenixsuns 80 home
milwaukeebucks 101 orlandomagic 89 away
sacramentokings 110 memphisgrizzlies 100 home
atlantahawks 122 washingtonwizards 119 home
houstonrockets 114 minnesotatimberwolves 87 home
philadelphiaSSers 111 indianapacers 105 away
losangeleslakers 108 denvernuggets 91 home
miamiheat 91 milwaukeebucks 89 home
chicagobulls 100 brooklynnets 94 away
sanantoniospurs 99 portlandtrailblazers 93 away
torontoraptors 94 detroitpistons 92 home
utahjazz 97 losangelesclippers 92 home
charlottehornets 97 bostonceltics 92 away
indianapacers 105 clevelandcavaliers 101 away
dallasmavericks 120 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
denvernuggets 110 sacramentokings 100 home
memphisgrizzlies 95 goldenstatewarriors 81 away
newyorkknicks 94 detroitpistons 88 home
miamiheat 103 orlandomagic 91 away
chicagobulls 92 philadelphiaSSers 86 away
phoenixsuns 98 utahjazz 93 home
oklahomacitythunder 105 sanantoniospurs 67 home
torontoraptors 98 washingtonwizards 92 away
playoffs
charlottehornets 106 miamiheat 80 away
indianapacers 79 philadelphiaSSers 78 away
sanantoniospurs 87 minnesotatimberwolves 82 home
utahjazz 88 dallasmavericks 86 home
losangeleslakers 106 portlandtrailblazers 93 home
milwaukeebucks 103 orlandomagic 90 home
newyorkknicks 92 torontoraptors 85 home
phoenixsuns 86 sacramentokings 83 away
charlottehornets 102 miamiheat 76 away
sanantoniospurs 86 minnesotatimberwolves 69 home
philadelphiaSSers 116 indianapacers 98 home
utahjazz 109 dallasmavericks 98 home
milwaukeebucks 103 orlandomagic 96 home
sacramentokings 116 phoenixsuns 90 home
losangeleslakers 106 portlandtrailblazers 88 home
torontoraptors 94 newyorkknicks 74 away
charlottehornets 94 miamiheat 79 home
dallasmavericks 94 utahjazz 91 home
philadelphiaSSers 92 indianapacers 87 away
minnesotatimberwolves 93 sanantoniospurs 84 home
orlandomagic 121 milwaukeebucks 116 home
sacramentokings 104 phoenixsuns 96 away
losangeleslakers 99 portlandtrailblazers 86 away
newyorkknicks 97 torontoraptors 89 away
sanantoniospurs 97 minnesotatimberwolves 84 away
dallasmavericks 107 utahjazz 77 home
milwaukeebucks 112 orlandomagic 104 away
philadelphiaSSers 88 indianapacers 85 away
sacramentokings 89 phoenixsuns 82 away
torontoraptors 100 newyorkknicks 93 home
dallasmavericks 84 utahjazz 83 away
torontoraptors 93 newyorkknicks 89 away
sanantoniospurs 94 dallasmavericks 78 home
losangeleslakers 108 sacramentokings 105 home
milwaukeebucks 104 charlottehornets 92 home
torontoraptors 96 philadelphiaSSers 93 away
sanantoniospurs 100 dallasmavericks 86 home
losangeleslakers 96 sacramentokings 90 home
milwaukeebucks 91 charlottehornets 90 home
sanantoniospurs 104 dallasmavericks 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 97 torontoraptors 92 home
charlottehornets 102 milwaukeebucks 92 home
losangeleslakers 103 sacramentokings 81 away
torontoraptors 102 philadelphiaSSers 78 home
dallasmavericks 112 sanantoniospurs 108 home
charlottehornets 85 milwaukeebucks 78 home
losangeleslakers 119 sacramentokings 113 away
philadelphiaSSers 84 torontoraptors 79 away
sanantoniospurs 105 dallasmavericks 87 home
charlottehornets 94 milwaukeebucks 86 away
philadelphiaSSers 121 torontoraptors 88 home
milwaukeebucks 104 charlottehornets 97 away
torontoraptors 101 philadelphiaSSers 89 home
losangeleslakers 104 sanantoniospurs 90 away
milwaukeebucks 104 charlottehornets 95 home
philadelphiaSSers 88 torontoraptors 87 home
losangeleslakers 88 sanantoniospurs 81 away
philadelphiaSSers 93 milwaukeebucks 85 home
milwaukeebucks 92 philadelphiaSSers 78 away
losangeleslakers 111 sanantoniospurs 72 home
milwaukeebucks 80 philadelphiaSSers 74 home
losangeleslakers 111 sanantoniospurs 82 home
philadelphiaSSers 89 milwaukeebucks 83 away
philadelphiaSSers 89 milwaukeebucks 88 home
milwaukeebucks 110 philadelphiaSSers 100 home
philadelphiaSSers 108 milwaukeebucks 91 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 losangeleslakers 101 away
losangeleslakers 98 philadelphiaSSers 89 home
losangeleslakers 96 philadelphiaSSers 91 away
losangeleslakers 100 philadelphiaSSers 86 away
losangeleslakers 108 philadelphiaSSers 96 away
yearEnd
bostonceltics 108 clevelandcavaliers 89 away
dallasmavericks 94 detroitpistons 87 home
houstonrockets 89 atlantahawks 84 home
losangeleslakers 98 portlandtrailblazers 87 home
minnesotatimberwolves 83 philadelphiaSSers 74 home
brooklynnets 103 indianapacers 97 home
newyorkknicks 93 washingtonwizards 91 home
orlandomagic 114 torontoraptors 85 home
denvernuggets 99 phoenixsuns 96 away
sacramentokings 101 oklahomacitythunder 95 home
sanantoniospurs 109 losangelesclippers 98 home
milwaukeebucks 119 utahjazz 112 away
brooklynnets 95 bostonceltics 92 away
charlottehornets 100 clevelandcavaliers 94 home
indianapacers 98 chicagobulls 73 away
miamiheat 97 torontoraptors 92 home
portlandtrailblazers 92 goldenstatewarriors 87 home
washingtonwizards 98 atlantahawks 88 away
milwaukeebucks 102 denvernuggets 101 away
phoenixsuns 107 goldenstatewarriors 101 away
houstonrockets 98 losangelesclippers 92 home
detroitpistons 90 memphisgrizzlies 80 away
dallasmavericks 99 philadelphiaSSers 92 away
oklahomacitythunder 114 sanantoniospurs 108 home
losangeleslakers 105 utahjazz 101 away
bostonceltics 96 chicagobulls 82 home
charlottehornets 97 newyorkknicks 93 home
detroitpistons 102 brooklynnets 88 home
indianapacers 117 orlandomagic 107 home
losangeleslakers 117 phoenixsuns 94 home
clevelandcavaliers 90 miamiheat 83 away
minnesotatimberwolves 111 memphisgrizzlies 102 home
torontoraptors 109 dallasmavericks 92 home
atlantahawks 90 miamiheat 83 home
chicagobulls 84 newyorkknicks 79 home
orlandomagic 99 clevelandcavaliers 69 away
sacramentokings 106 denvernuggets 94 away
minnesotatimberwolves 90 houstonrockets 88 away
goldenstatewarriors 110 losangelesclippers 108 away
milwaukeebucks 105 bostonceltics 99 home
brooklynnets 95 charlottehornets 85 home
sanantoniospurs 106 portlandtrailblazers 90 away
utahjazz 91 oklahomacitythunder 74 away
washingtonwizards 90 philadelphiaSSers 76 home
detroitpistons 100 washingtonwizards 78 home
goldenstatewarriors 96 portlandtrailblazers 86 home
losangeleslakers 100 utahjazz 96 home
dallasmavericks 94 memphisgrizzlies 85 away
houstonrockets 103 phoenixsuns 100 away
sacramentokings 103 sanantoniospurs 83 home
torontoraptors 113 indianapacers 100 home
losangelesclippers 109 atlantahawks 86 home
oklahomacitythunder 123 orlandomagic 119 away
sacramentokings 115 clevelandcavaliers 99 away
dallasmavericks 110 charlottehornets 92 home
houstonrockets 99 denvernuggets 93 home
miamiheat 87 oklahomacitythunder 85 home
minnesotatimberwolves 104 newyorkknicks 94 home
indianapacers 87 philadelphiaSSers 77 away
phoenixsuns 113 memphisgrizzlies 101 home
portlandtrailblazers 101 utahjazz 83 home
sanantoniospurs 104 orlandomagic 89 home
bostonceltics 104 washingtonwizards 95 home
detroitpistons 97 chicagobulls 73 away
indianapacers 116 sacramentokings 104 home
losangelesclippers 108 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
newyorkknicks 82 clevelandcavaliers 64 home
torontoraptors 109 goldenstatewarriors 92 home
utahjazz 96 atlantahawks 89 home
sanantoniospurs 105 charlottehornets 95 away
dallasmavericks 105 denvernuggets 91 home
houstonrockets 77 philadelphiaSSers 72 home
milwaukeebucks 86 miamiheat 82 home
minnesotatimberwolves 127 chicagobulls 74 home
brooklynnets 106 oklahomacitythunder 94 home
phoenixsuns 108 atlantahawks 80 home
portlandtrailblazers 119 losangelesclippers 101 home
bostonceltics 104 oklahomacitythunder 94 home
denvernuggets 108 houstonrockets 81 home
indianapacers 103 newyorkknicks 95 home
losangeleslakers 110 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
orlandomagic 115 sacramentokings 105 home
goldenstatewarriors 109 washingtonwizards 100 away
charlottehornets 89 chicagobulls 85 away
philadelphiaSSers 98 dallasmavericks 91 away
indianapacers 105 portlandtrailblazers 96 home
losangelesclippers 111 phoenixsuns 102 home
sacramentokings 90 miamiheat 75 away
minnesotatimberwolves 98 milwaukeebucks 82 away
brooklynnets 87 clevelandcavaliers 84 home
goldenstatewarriors 90 newyorkknicks 71 away
sanantoniospurs 110 atlantahawks 88 home
torontoraptors 117 utahjazz 96 away
denvernuggets 96 torontoraptors 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 detroitpistons 98 away
losangeleslakers 108 orlandomagic 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 99 washingtonwizards 84 away
goldenstatewarriors 86 memphisgrizzlies 79 away
utahjazz 105 orlandomagic 98 home
denvernuggets 101 chicagobulls 93 home
brooklynnets 91 indianapacers 82 away
philadelphiaSSers 82 miamiheat 76 away
clevelandcavaliers 107 minnesotatimberwolves 103 away
newyorkknicks 89 portlandtrailblazers 82 home
sacramentokings 95 torontoraptors 86 home
sanantoniospurs 90 houstonrockets 86 home
phoenixsuns 92 oklahomacitythunder 91 away
atlantahawks 111 utahjazz 79 home
bostonceltics 101 indianapacers 93 home
dallasmavericks 107 clevelandcavaliers 94 away
torontoraptors 89 goldenstatewarriors 82 away
losangelesclippers 106 chicagobulls 102 home
philadelphiaSSers 100 charlottehornets 86 home
orlandomagic 93 phoenixsuns 92 away
milwaukeebucks 107 washingtonwizards 98 away
orlandomagic 101 denvernuggets 82 away
detroitpistons 115 dallasmavericks 89 home
losangeleslakers 98 houstonrockets 97 away
portlandtrailblazers 101 memphisgrizzlies 85 away
newyorkknicks 83 miamiheat 74 home
minnesotatimberwolves 120 indianapacers 113 away
torontoraptors 94 losangelesclippers 85 away
charlottehornets 96 miamiheat 87 away
brooklynnets 109 newyorkknicks 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 98 atlantahawks 78 home
phoenixsuns 95 losangeleslakers 83 home
sacramentokings 105 chicagobulls 71 home
sanantoniospurs 105 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 100 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
utahjazz 101 washingtonwizards 92 away
atlantahawks 112 bostonceltics 103 home
portlandtrailblazers 97 charlottehornets 87 away
detroitpistons 104 indianapacers 98 home
goldenstatewarriors 93 chicagobulls 88 home
houstonrockets 124 dallasmavericks 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 98 clevelandcavaliers 93 home
milwaukeebucks 104 utahjazz 93 home
minnesotatimberwolves 103 orlandomagic 95 home
philadelphiaSSers 94 brooklynnets 82 away
denvernuggets 103 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
losangelesclippers 99 newyorkknicks 86 home
losangeleslakers 93 sacramentokings 85 home
torontoraptors 87 phoenixsuns 81 away
denvernuggets 99 brooklynnets 96 home
sacramentokings 113 houstonrockets 77 home
oklahomacitythunder 105 dallasmavericks 97 away
newyorkknicks 94 goldenstatewarriors 70 away
indianapacers 106 atlantahawks 102 home
losangeleslakers 98 losangelesclippers 93 home
minnesotatimberwolves 80 miamiheat 73 away
houstonrockets 94 portlandtrailblazers 87 away
detroitpistons 88 torontoraptors 84 away
charlottehornets 95 washingtonwizards 88 away
atlantahawks 92 bostonceltics 85 away
dallasmavericks 89 charlottehornets 78 away
clevelandcavaliers 101 memphisgrizzlies 94 home
losangeleslakers 89 denvernuggets 68 away
milwaukeebucks 96 chicagobulls 92 home
orlandomagic 117 minnesotatimberwolves 106 home
philadelphiaSSers 94 detroitpistons 89 home
phoenixsuns 96 newyorkknicks 72 home
sacramentokings 95 portlandtrailblazers 83 home
sanantoniospurs 110 oklahomacitythunder 93 home
brooklynnets 90 utahjazz 89 away
indianapacers 110 washingtonwizards 103 home
brooklynnets 95 losangelesclippers 90 away
milwaukeebucks 78 torontoraptors 75 away
atlantahawks 106 detroitpistons 99 home
torontoraptors 91 bostonceltics 89 away
orlandomagic 109 charlottehornets 99 away
sanantoniospurs 97 indianapacers 79 away
losangeleslakers 106 goldenstatewarriors 90 home
phoenixsuns 103 memphisgrizzlies 89 away
dallasmavericks 104 miamiheat 94 away
philadelphiaSSers 79 clevelandcavaliers 68 home
portlandtrailblazers 97 denvernuggets 90 home
oklahomacitythunder 99 houstonrockets 81 home
utahjazz 106 losangelesclippers 101 home
clevelandcavaliers 100 miamiheat 96 home
dallasmavericks 119 phoenixsuns 104 home
detroitpistons 91 memphisgrizzlies 84 home
milwaukeebucks 95 atlantahawks 88 home
minnesotatimberwolves 99 sanantoniospurs 94 home
newyorkknicks 78 chicagobulls 71 home
charlottehornets 103 orlandomagic 101 away
sacramentokings 98 brooklynnets 97 home
washingtonwizards 88 bostonceltics 84 home
goldenstatewarriors 101 brooklynnets 85 home
losangelesclippers 90 houstonrockets 83 home
losangeleslakers 105 denvernuggets 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 99 indianapacers 88 home
torontoraptors 107 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
memphisgrizzlies 98 sacramentokings 94 home
newyorkknicks 88 atlantahawks 83 home
detroitpistons 105 orlandomagic 100 away
phoenixsuns 111 utahjazz 104 away
clevelandcavaliers 94 washingtonwizards 75 home
dallasmavericks 116 goldenstatewarriors 106 home
sacramentokings 89 houstonrockets 84 away
losangeleslakers 104 milwaukeebucks 85 home
bostonceltics 84 miamiheat 83 away
brooklynnets 100 chicagobulls 68 home
portlandtrailblazers 96 indianapacers 90 home
oklahomacitythunder 112 minnesotatimberwolves 102 home
newyorkknicks 105 atlantahawks 100 away
indianapacers 99 denvernuggets 85 away
charlottehornets 104 detroitpistons 96 away
losangelesclippers 94 minnesotatimberwolves 75 home
washingtonwizards 94 philadelphiaSSers 87 away
phoenixsuns 104 milwaukeebucks 84 home
sanantoniospurs 94 goldenstatewarriors 83 home
utahjazz 112 oklahomacitythunder 88 home
chicagobulls 78 miamiheat 72 home
atlantahawks 105 clevelandcavaliers 96 away
sacramentokings 110 dallasmavericks 98 away
bostonceltics 99 orlandomagic 89 away
torontoraptors 91 memphisgrizzlies 88 home
detroitpistons 110 charlottehornets 105 away
denvernuggets 96 losangelesclippers 93 home
memphisgrizzlies 102 houstonrockets 85 home
washingtonwizards 84 miamiheat 75 away
phoenixsuns 98 utahjazz 76 home
portlandtrailblazers 101 milwaukeebucks 95 home
sacramentokings 109 sanantoniospurs 106 away
losangeleslakers 107 oklahomacitythunder 92 away
sanantoniospurs 85 houstonrockets 75 away
losangeleslakers 102 minnesotatimberwolves 76 home
bostonceltics 105 brooklynnets 98 away
detroitpistons 100 newyorkknicks 97 away
phoenixsuns 97 portlandtrailblazers 83 away
indianapacers 100 utahjazz 97 away
orlandomagic 96 washingtonwizards 87 away
torontoraptors 104 atlantahawks 103 away
philadelphiaSSers 93 chicagobulls 76 away
clevelandcavaliers 93 charlottehornets 81 home
dallasmavericks 111 goldenstatewarriors 82 away
losangelesclippers 103 indianapacers 72 home
memphisgrizzlies 93 philadelphiaSSers 87 away
dallasmavericks 120 sacramentokings 114 away
oklahomacitythunder 97 milwaukeebucks 83 home
bostonceltics 85 torontoraptors 69 away
newyorkknicks 89 houstonrockets 86 home
orlandomagic 113 memphisgrizzlies 71 home
phoenixsuns 110 goldenstatewarriors 93 home
chicagobulls 103 houstonrockets 75 home
clevelandcavaliers 100 detroitpistons 88 home
indianapacers 104 denvernuggets 96 home
losangelesclippers 87 miamiheat 83 home
newyorkknicks 85 milwaukeebucks 71 away
minnesotatimberwolves 108 oklahomacitythunder 83 home
sacramentokings 94 philadelphiaSSers 84 home
sanantoniospurs 103 washingtonwizards 88 home
utahjazz 104 charlottehornets 100 home
sanantoniospurs 120 atlantahawks 112 away
bostonceltics 95 denvernuggets 80 home
detroitpistons 95 oklahomacitythunder 91 home
goldenstatewarriors 93 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
losangeleslakers 98 dallasmavericks 94 home
brooklynnets 106 phoenixsuns 87 home
orlandomagic 102 chicagobulls 74 home
washingtonwizards 85 houstonrockets 82 away
minnesotatimberwolves 105 memphisgrizzlies 80 away
milwaukeebucks 95 torontoraptors 89 home
charlottehornets 95 portlandtrailblazers 89 away
bostonceltics 109 phoenixsuns 102 home
charlottehornets 106 goldenstatewarriors 89 away
indianapacers 98 chicagobulls 83 home
utahjazz 102 losangelesclippers 86 away
brooklynnets 96 clevelandcavaliers 84 home
orlandomagic 129 atlantahawks 94 home
sacramentokings 97 losangeleslakers 91 home
sanantoniospurs 86 philadelphiaSSers 76 home
miamiheat 98 oklahomacitythunder 94 away
torontoraptors 98 denvernuggets 96 home
atlantahawks 107 orlandomagic 104 home
chicagobulls 87 bostonceltics 84 home
clevelandcavaliers 109 denvernuggets 99 home
washingtonwizards 102 dallasmavericks 95 away
memphisgrizzlies 92 philadelphiaSSers 83 home
milwaukeebucks 95 brooklynnets 79 home
minnesotatimberwolves 107 houstonrockets 97 home
newyorkknicks 101 indianapacers 99 home
portlandtrailblazers 113 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
utahjazz 111 goldenstatewarriors 101 home
detroitpistons 105 houstonrockets 77 home
losangelesclippers 89 charlottehornets 78 home
sacramentokings 95 miamiheat 88 home
phoenixsuns 91 torontoraptors 90 away
losangelesclippers 100 orlandomagic 92 home
utahjazz 107 dallasmavericks 98 home
atlantahawks 89 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
brooklynnets 107 chicagobulls 93 away
dallasmavericks 105 portlandtrailblazers 103 home
charlottehornets 99 denvernuggets 96 away
clevelandcavaliers 107 houstonrockets 102 away
oklahomacitythunder 104 losangeleslakers 93 away
washingtonwizards 91 memphisgrizzlies 81 away
miamiheat 99 milwaukeebucks 97 home
minnesotatimberwolves 107 goldenstatewarriors 86 home
bostonceltics 102 newyorkknicks 93 away
sacramentokings 112 orlandomagic 100 home
losangelesclippers 114 oklahomacitythunder 94 home
phoenixsuns 114 sacramentokings 88 home
sanantoniospurs 108 torontoraptors 95 home
minnesotatimberwolves 98 utahjazz 87 away
washingtonwizards 82 miamiheat 80 home
charlottehornets 104 torontoraptors 90 home
dallasmavericks 102 clevelandcavaliers 82 home
denvernuggets 89 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
detroitpistons 99 newyorkknicks 97 home
orlandomagic 105 goldenstatewarriors 100 away
indianapacers 108 houstonrockets 106 home
bostonceltics 107 chicagobulls 101 home
losangeleslakers 110 losangelesclippers 80 home
brooklynnets 95 miamiheat 86 away
minnesotatimberwolves 114 sacramentokings 94 home
milwaukeebucks 96 philadelphiaSSers 80 away
sanantoniospurs 105 phoenixsuns 93 away
utahjazz 93 portlandtrailblazers 85 home
washingtonwizards 96 newyorkknicks 80 home
bostonceltics 106 charlottehornets 97 away
atlantahawks 80 chicagobulls 79 away
philadelphiaSSers 94 clevelandcavaliers 91 away
dallasmavericks 125 minnesotatimberwolves 117 home
denvernuggets 106 phoenixsuns 98 home
goldenstatewarriors 93 memphisgrizzlies 84 home
miamiheat 76 houstonrockets 73 away
milwaukeebucks 115 indianapacers 95 home
portlandtrailblazers 117 orlandomagic 106 home
sanantoniospurs 100 utahjazz 80 home
losangelesclippers 82 detroitpistons 77 home
losangeleslakers 101 goldenstatewarriors 85 home
brooklynnets 114 newyorkknicks 96 away
sacramentokings 104 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
oklahomacitythunder 114 orlandomagic 91 home
washingtonwizards 93 torontoraptors 88 away
philadelphiaSSers 99 bostonceltics 83 home
indianapacers 103 atlantahawks 100 away
newyorkknicks 100 charlottehornets 95 away
clevelandcavaliers 102 chicagobulls 84 home
sanantoniospurs 102 denvernuggets 93 away
portlandtrailblazers 101 houstonrockets 92 away
milwaukeebucks 114 memphisgrizzlies 105 away
utahjazz 95 miamiheat 56 away
dallasmavericks 107 minnesotatimberwolves 103 away
losangelesclippers 96 phoenixsuns 92 away
sacramentokings 102 detroitpistons 98 home
bostonceltics 104 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
goldenstatewarriors 101 detroitpistons 88 home
torontoraptors 102 indianapacers 90 away
brooklynnets 117 minnesotatimberwolves 112 home
orlandomagic 98 utahjazz 90 home
charlottehornets 94 philadelphiaSSers 85 away
sanantoniospurs 97 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 sacramentokings 92 home
washingtonwizards 103 atlantahawks 76 home
dallasmavericks 113 milwaukeebucks 101 home
losangeleslakers 107 houstonrockets 101 away
memphisgrizzlies 90 newyorkknicks 88 away
torontoraptors 96 chicagobulls 91 home
bostonceltics 98 utahjazz 92 home
oklahomacitythunder 111 goldenstatewarriors 108 away
indianapacers 100 brooklynnets 94 home
memphisgrizzlies 114 losangeleslakers 108 home
clevelandcavaliers 86 miamiheat 81 away
minnesotatimberwolves 94 charlottehornets 89 home
washingtonwizards 93 orlandomagic 75 away
philadelphiaSSers 94 atlantahawks 83 home
portlandtrailblazers 83 detroitpistons 81 home
sanantoniospurs 109 denvernuggets 74 home
atlantahawks 101 charlottehornets 88 home
minnesotatimberwolves 95 chicagobulls 74 away
indianapacers 109 clevelandcavaliers 103 away
dallasmavericks 102 orlandomagic 80 home
goldenstatewarriors 105 denvernuggets 101 away
houstonrockets 115 milwaukeebucks 110 home
losangelesclippers 101 sacramentokings 85 home
utahjazz 104 brooklynnets 90 away
washingtonwizards 87 newyorkknicks 86 away
phoenixsuns 102 portlandtrailblazers 90 home
oklahomacitythunder 117 detroitpistons 89 home
bostonceltics 85 memphisgrizzlies 80 home
sacramentokings 133 phoenixsuns 101 home
milwaukeebucks 101 sanantoniospurs 91 away
torontoraptors 83 miamiheat 76 home
losangeleslakers 88 philadelphiaSSers 82 home
newyorkknicks 102 torontoraptors 94 home
charlottehornets 99 washingtonwizards 93 home
brooklynnets 91 clevelandcavaliers 89 away
minnesotatimberwolves 94 denvernuggets 91 away
goldenstatewarriors 101 losangeleslakers 90 home
phoenixsuns 97 houstonrockets 91 away
philadelphiaSSers 100 losangelesclippers 86 away
memphisgrizzlies 107 chicagobulls 85 home
milwaukeebucks 107 atlantahawks 97 home
indianapacers 89 orlandomagic 82 away
sacramentokings 89 portlandtrailblazers 74 home
dallasmavericks 126 sanantoniospurs 123 away
utahjazz 99 bostonceltics 86 home
atlantahawks 100 miamiheat 96 home
dallasmavericks 89 chicagobulls 74 home
brooklynnets 88 detroitpistons 75 away
indianapacers 108 washingtonwizards 81 home
phoenixsuns 84 bostonceltics 82 home
utahjazz 99 portlandtrailblazers 87 away
oklahomacitythunder 101 losangelesclippers 90 home
milwaukeebucks 105 charlottehornets 89 away
clevelandcavaliers 98 newyorkknicks 88 home
denvernuggets 93 philadelphiaSSers 90 home
houstonrockets 100 goldenstatewarriors 93 away
torontoraptors 89 losangeleslakers 86 away
memphisgrizzlies 91 miamiheat 86 away
orlandomagic 87 detroitpistons 78 home
sacramentokings 125 minnesotatimberwolves 111 home
chicagobulls 103 clevelandcavaliers 80 home
dallasmavericks 113 atlantahawks 97 home
bostonceltics 105 losangelesclippers 103 away
milwaukeebucks 102 sanantoniospurs 99 home
brooklynnets 98 indianapacers 93 home
phoenixsuns 109 denvernuggets 92 home
oklahomacitythunder 101 torontoraptors 75 home
utahjazz 89 philadelphiaSSers 81 home
washingtonwizards 107 charlottehornets 90 home
detroitpistons 86 miamiheat 80 home
losangeleslakers 114 houstonrockets 90 home
sanantoniospurs 83 memphisgrizzlies 79 away
orlandomagic 94 newyorkknicks 90 away
minnesotatimberwolves 95 portlandtrailblazers 93 away
sacramentokings 109 bostonceltics 94 home
chicagobulls 90 milwaukeebucks 83 home
miamiheat 89 indianapacers 87 away
washingtonwizards 98 brooklynnets 76 home
losangelesclippers 112 portlandtrailblazers 97 home
bostonceltics 110 orlandomagic 94 home
dallasmavericks 107 chicagobulls 97 away
clevelandcavaliers 113 goldenstatewarriors 98 home
losangeleslakers 87 denvernuggets 86 away
minnesotatimberwolves 95 milwaukeebucks 77 home
brooklynnets 92 memphisgrizzlies 74 home
philadelphiaSSers 102 phoenixsuns 81 away
torontoraptors 95 portlandtrailblazers 84 away
sacramentokings 105 losangelesclippers 91 home
sanantoniospurs 97 detroitpistons 85 home
charlottehornets 114 goldenstatewarriors 102 home
houstonrockets 99 detroitpistons 97 home
newyorkknicks 108 dallasmavericks 101 home
miamiheat 89 bostonceltics 66 away
losangelesclippers 82 denvernuggets 80 away
losangeleslakers 118 phoenixsuns 86 home
atlantahawks 113 memphisgrizzlies 109 away
minnesotatimberwolves 93 utahjazz 86 home
orlandomagic 109 brooklynnets 96 away
indianapacers 92 sanantoniospurs 82 away
philadelphiaSSers 87 oklahomacitythunder 77 away
torontoraptors 101 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
washingtonwizards 89 chicagobulls 83 home
minnesotatimberwolves 112 atlantahawks 96 away
brooklynnets 89 charlottehornets 80 away
utahjazz 113 chicagobulls 111 away
sanantoniospurs 105 dallasmavericks 103 away
detroitpistons 101 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
indianapacers 81 houstonrockets 79 away
losangelesclippers 86 milwaukeebucks 83 home
bostonceltics 90 newyorkknicks 81 away
orlandomagic 118 goldenstatewarriors 109 home
sacramentokings 118 phoenixsuns 112 away
portlandtrailblazers 96 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 89 memphisgrizzlies 77 away
miamiheat 92 goldenstatewarriors 84 home
sacramentokings 115 milwaukeebucks 101 home
losangeleslakers 109 torontoraptors 89 away
charlottehornets 94 denvernuggets 80 home
oklahomacitythunder 100 chicagobulls 88 away
portlandtrailblazers 98 clevelandcavaliers 72 away
minnesotatimberwolves 109 detroitpistons 93 home
orlandomagic 98 bostonceltics 87 home
philadelphiaSSers 116 losangelesclippers 92 home
sanantoniospurs 90 newyorkknicks 79 home
utahjazz 98 phoenixsuns 84 home
washingtonwizards 96 losangelesclippers 88 home
atlantahawks 101 portlandtrailblazers 92 home
dallasmavericks 95 denvernuggets 94 home
losangeleslakers 121 detroitpistons 92 away
milwaukeebucks 113 goldenstatewarriors 97 away
houstonrockets 88 newyorkknicks 86 home
memphisgrizzlies 84 torontoraptors 81 home
brooklynnets 104 miamiheat 95 home
sanantoniospurs 93 bostonceltics 90 away
charlottehornets 111 atlantahawks 87 home
torontoraptors 85 chicagobulls 73 away
losangeleslakers 109 indianapacers 90 away
minnesotatimberwolves 111 oklahomacitythunder 106 home
orlandomagic 102 philadelphiaSSers 91 away
dallasmavericks 111 newyorkknicks 89 home
denvernuggets 96 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
portlandtrailblazers 92 miamiheat 85 away
brooklynnets 108 losangelesclippers 89 home
memphisgrizzlies 102 phoenixsuns 96 away
utahjazz 83 houstonrockets 79 home
bostonceltics 104 detroitpistons 90 home
charlottehornets 92 losangelesclippers 91 home
indianapacers 97 chicagobulls 90 home
milwaukeebucks 105 washingtonwizards 86 home
minnesotatimberwolves 120 losangeleslakers 102 home
portlandtrailblazers 92 orlandomagic 84 away
philadelphiaSSers 101 sanantoniospurs 84 home
oklahomacitythunder 102 clevelandcavaliers 100 home
torontoraptors 94 atlantahawks 91 home
bostonceltics 115 atlantahawks 91 away
chicagobulls 106 losangeleslakers 104 home
dallasmavericks 111 indianapacers 102 home
detroitpistons 104 charlottehornets 76 home
houstonrockets 98 denvernuggets 86 home
milwaukeebucks 102 newyorkknicks 97 away
brooklynnets 91 orlandomagic 85 away
phoenixsuns 108 miamiheat 74 home
memphisgrizzlies 97 utahjazz 95 away
minnesotatimberwolves 108 washingtonwizards 100 away
portlandtrailblazers 96 clevelandcavaliers 64 home
sacramentokings 103 phoenixsuns 100 home
losangelesclippers 79 torontoraptors 72 away
miamiheat 85 goldenstatewarriors 79 away
losangeleslakers 120 memphisgrizzlies 81 home
brooklynnets 99 sanantoniospurs 97 home
orlandomagic 113 dallasmavericks 87 home
utahjazz 106 denvernuggets 97 home
dallasmavericks 116 atlantahawks 107 away
charlottehornets 94 chicagobulls 86 away
torontoraptors 92 detroitpistons 90 away
milwaukeebucks 106 indianapacers 102 away
minnesotatimberwolves 97 losangelesclippers 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 112 houstonrockets 106 home
sacramentokings 109 clevelandcavaliers 102 home
sanantoniospurs 96 washingtonwizards 91 away
bostonceltics 101 newyorkknicks 100 home
sacramentokings 112 denvernuggets 107 away
goldenstatewarriors 117 clevelandcavaliers 88 home
miamiheat 102 losangeleslakers 96 away
milwaukeebucks 105 indianapacers 100 home
brooklynnets 111 washingtonwizards 67 home
portlandtrailblazers 108 phoenixsuns 99 away
torontoraptors 109 houstonrockets 103 home
utahjazz 95 oklahomacitythunder 80 home
chicagobulls 94 atlantahawks 91 away
philadelphiaSSers 93 charlottehornets 88 away
dallasmavericks 108 memphisgrizzlies 97 away
miamiheat 92 portlandtrailblazers 90 away
sanantoniospurs 102 utahjazz 98 home
houstonrockets 104 bostonceltics 101 away
denvernuggets 96 oklahomacitythunder 90 home
detroitpistons 96 indianapacers 93 away
losangelesclippers 109 clevelandcavaliers 103 home
milwaukeebucks 115 orlandomagic 110 home
phoenixsuns 103 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
sacramentokings 121 goldenstatewarriors 97 home
torontoraptors 89 brooklynnets 77 home
milwaukeebucks 116 atlantahawks 107 away
torontoraptors 91 charlottehornets 89 away
washingtonwizards 77 chicagobulls 69 away
dallasmavericks 106 utahjazz 103 home
detroitpistons 94 bostonceltics 91 home
minnesotatimberwolves 105 goldenstatewarriors 102 away
orlandomagic 119 memphisgrizzlies 103 away
miamiheat 100 indianapacers 88 home
brooklynnets 99 houstonrockets 90 home
philadelphiaSSers 97 newyorkknicks 89 home
portlandtrailblazers 113 losangelesclippers 93 home
losangeleslakers 98 sanantoniospurs 81 away
oklahomacitythunder 104 denvernuggets 77 home
atlantahawks 95 houstonrockets 91 home
bostonceltics 106 torontoraptors 97 home
indianapacers 93 chicagobulls 81 away
miamiheat 95 clevelandcavaliers 93 away
dallasmavericks 113 brooklynnets 105 home
milwaukeebucks 97 detroitpistons 79 away
utahjazz 101 goldenstatewarriors 99 away
losangelesclippers 102 denvernuggets 89 home
minnesotatimberwolves 105 washingtonwizards 101 home
charlottehornets 111 newyorkknicks 68 away
oklahomacitythunder 109 philadelphiaSSers 98 away
sacramentokings 112 memphisgrizzlies 98 home
dallasmavericks 113 houstonrockets 107 away
denvernuggets 107 losangeleslakers 91 away
miamiheat 92 chicagobulls 79 home
phoenixsuns 92 milwaukeebucks 81 away
orlandomagic 100 atlantahawks 86 home
portlandtrailblazers 116 sacramentokings 110 home
brooklynnets 92 sanantoniospurs 86 away
philadelphiaSSers 91 washingtonwizards 84 away
bostonceltics 98 indianapacers 94 home
charlottehornets 111 oklahomacitythunder 101 home
detroitpistons 104 minnesotatimberwolves 83 home
goldenstatewarriors 107 memphisgrizzlies 95 home
losangelesclippers 95 losangeleslakers 90 home
newyorkknicks 96 torontoraptors 92 away
sanantoniospurs 98 utahjazz 92 away
dallasmavericks 104 denvernuggets 97 away
brooklynnets 103 houstonrockets 98 away
oklahomacitythunder 99 milwaukeebucks 88 away
newyorkknicks 96 phoenixsuns 91 home
orlandomagic 92 miamiheat 87 home
portlandtrailblazers 120 memphisgrizzlies 82 home
sacramentokings 113 utahjazz 80 home
washingtonwizards 94 clevelandcavaliers 85 home
detroitpistons 107 atlantahawks 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 106 bostonceltics 90 away
indianapacers 90 charlottehornets 81 home
losangeleslakers 94 sanantoniospurs 91 home
torontoraptors 107 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
houstonrockets 111 charlottehornets 104 away
chicagobulls 95 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
bostonceltics 108 clevelandcavaliers 101 away
sanantoniospurs 90 goldenstatewarriors 82 away
oklahomacitythunder 95 indianapacers 86 away
dallasmavericks 133 losangelesclippers 112 away
miamiheat 90 brooklynnets 77 home
newyorkknicks 129 milwaukeebucks 127 away
minnesotatimberwolves 103 atlantahawks 80 home
sacramentokings 114 utahjazz 90 away
washingtonwizards 112 phoenixsuns 102 home
philadelphiaSSers 93 losangeleslakers 87 home
torontoraptors 106 orlandomagic 97 home
memphisgrizzlies 119 losangelesclippers 115 home
utahjazz 101 miamiheat 89 home
losangeleslakers 127 atlantahawks 93 away
clevelandcavaliers 114 minnesotatimberwolves 81 home
losangelesclippers 117 dallasmavericks 100 away
miamiheat 100 denvernuggets 94 away
houstonrockets 100 goldenstatewarriors 96 home
milwaukeebucks 109 bostonceltics 90 home
newyorkknicks 78 philadelphiaSSers 71 home
phoenixsuns 91 chicagobulls 90 home
charlottehornets 78 sanantoniospurs 73 away
portlandtrailblazers 92 oklahomacitythunder 86 away
detroitpistons 89 washingtonwizards 86 away
detroitpistons 88 atlantahawks 71 home
indianapacers 83 memphisgrizzlies 82 home
losangeleslakers 111 orlandomagic 93 away
philadelphiaSSers 96 minnesotatimberwolves 91 home
utahjazz 90 chicagobulls 78 home
washingtonwizards 93 clevelandcavaliers 92 away
dallasmavericks 95 houstonrockets 91 home
brooklynnets 125 milwaukeebucks 100 home
portlandtrailblazers 105 phoenixsuns 97 home
losangelesclippers 91 sanantoniospurs 87 away
sacramentokings 99 oklahomacitythunder 95 away
torontoraptors 97 bostonceltics 92 home
minnesotatimberwolves 98 bostonceltics 95 away
orlandomagic 85 detroitpistons 83 away
charlottehornets 73 houstonrockets 72 away
indianapacers 92 newyorkknicks 87 home
losangeleslakers 100 memphisgrizzlies 85 away
miamiheat 88 sanantoniospurs 83 home
phoenixsuns 104 goldenstatewarriors 98 home
sacramentokings 132 denvernuggets 96 home
washingtonwizards 97 atlantahawks 90 home
atlantahawks 101 losangelesclippers 94 home
detroitpistons 115 clevelandcavaliers 107 away
philadelphiaSSers 86 milwaukeebucks 81 away
brooklynnets 98 torontoraptors 91 home
chicagobulls 97 oklahomacitythunder 91 away
utahjazz 97 portlandtrailblazers 96 home
bostonceltics 104 losangelesclippers 91 home
losangeleslakers 101 dallasmavericks 94 away
phoenixsuns 98 goldenstatewarriors 97 away
charlottehornets 97 memphisgrizzlies 79 away
sacramentokings 112 minnesotatimberwolves 107 away
miamiheat 94 newyorkknicks 83 away
sanantoniospurs 105 orlandomagic 98 away
portlandtrailblazers 101 chicagobulls 96 home
washingtonwizards 109 indianapacers 89 home
houstonrockets 104 utahjazz 97 home
brooklynnets 117 sacramentokings 83 home
torontoraptors 100 philadelphiaSSers 93 away
sanantoniospurs 113 minnesotatimberwolves 83 home
bostonceltics 82 charlottehornets 79 away
denvernuggets 97 portlandtrailblazers 96 home
detroitpistons 86 philadelphiaSSers 82 home
oklahomacitythunder 113 goldenstatewarriors 87 away
dallasmavericks 141 indianapacers 140 away
memphisgrizzlies 86 utahjazz 79 home
atlantahawks 76 miamiheat 73 away
losangelesclippers 112 newyorkknicks 110 away
orlandomagic 106 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
washingtonwizards 99 torontoraptors 94 home
sacramentokings 102 bostonceltics 85 away
clevelandcavaliers 111 houstonrockets 109 home
chicagobulls 97 losangeleslakers 89 away
minnesotatimberwolves 113 portlandtrailblazers 103 home
dallasmavericks 112 brooklynnets 100 away
oklahomacitythunder 90 phoenixsuns 79 home
philadelphiaSSers 100 charlottehornets 93 away
detroitpistons 105 losangelesclippers 92 home
milwaukeebucks 107 memphisgrizzlies 103 home
newyorkknicks 92 atlantahawks 89 home
torontoraptors 80 sanantoniospurs 74 home
washingtonwizards 108 sacramentokings 101 home
atlantahawks 105 brooklynnets 103 home
chicagobulls 96 milwaukeebucks 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 99 torontoraptors 81 home
bostonceltics 110 denvernuggets 93 away
phoenixsuns 99 detroitpistons 71 away
houstonrockets 85 memphisgrizzlies 78 home
utahjazz 98 indianapacers 82 away
losangeleslakers 103 washingtonwizards 94 home
orlandomagic 122 newyorkknicks 114 home
sacramentokings 99 sanantoniospurs 86 home
dallasmavericks 112 oklahomacitythunder 106 away
charlottehornets 113 chicagobulls 91 home
goldenstatewarriors 92 bostonceltics 75 home
miamiheat 112 orlandomagic 95 home
clevelandcavaliers 115 milwaukeebucks 107 away
minnesotatimberwolves 107 phoenixsuns 92 home
newyorkknicks 89 torontoraptors 82 home
portlandtrailblazers 114 dallasmavericks 103 home
sanantoniospurs 89 losangelesclippers 76 away
denvernuggets 100 memphisgrizzlies 85 away
detroitpistons 85 brooklynnets 80 away
utahjazz 98 philadelphiaSSers 91 away
sacramentokings 109 washingtonwizards 93 home
losangeleslakers 92 oklahomacitythunder 87 away
charlottehornets 116 indianapacers 106 home
brooklynnets 106 chicagobulls 81 away
sanantoniospurs 108 goldenstatewarriors 99 away
atlantahawks 93 losangeleslakers 90 away
miamiheat 90 milwaukeebucks 88 away
denvernuggets 99 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
detroitpistons 101 newyorkknicks 90 away
washingtonwizards 97 phoenixsuns 96 away
bostonceltics 107 portlandtrailblazers 104 away
utahjazz 94 torontoraptors 85 away
clevelandcavaliers 114 chicagobulls 101 away
orlandomagic 109 houstonrockets 100 away
losangelesclippers 119 dallasmavericks 110 home
oklahomacitythunder 99 bostonceltics 79 home
dallasmavericks 105 phoenixsuns 92 away
portlandtrailblazers 111 losangeleslakers 105 home
oklahomacitythunder 126 sacramentokings 116 away
milwaukeebucks 91 torontoraptors 86 away
memphisgrizzlies 92 charlottehornets 78 away
atlantahawks 100 goldenstatewarriors 94 away
indianapacers 86 philadelphiaSSers 76 home
minnesotatimberwolves 93 miamiheat 80 home
brooklynnets 98 denvernuggets 77 home
utahjazz 92 newyorkknicks 89 away
utahjazz 103 clevelandcavaliers 92 away
detroitpistons 89 torontoraptors 76 home
portlandtrailblazers 80 losangelesclippers 79 away
miamiheat 102 chicagobulls 80 home
charlottehornets 101 milwaukeebucks 92 away
philadelphiaSSers 110 denvernuggets 83 home
houstonrockets 102 washingtonwizards 89 away
minnesotatimberwolves 117 dallasmavericks 100 away
bostonceltics 109 losangeleslakers 108 away
brooklynnets 123 goldenstatewarriors 115 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 phoenixsuns 91 away
sacramentokings 99 atlantahawks 79 home
sanantoniospurs 99 memphisgrizzlies 93 home
chicagobulls 113 newyorkknicks 109 home
utahjazz 110 denvernuggets 99 away
detroitpistons 97 washingtonwizards 90 home
losangelesclippers 81 miamiheat 71 away
milwaukeebucks 115 houstonrockets 76 home
philadelphiaSSers 114 goldenstatewarriors 107 home
portlandtrailblazers 90 oklahomacitythunder 84 away
charlottehornets 78 torontoraptors 77 away
losangeleslakers 104 clevelandcavaliers 97 away
dallasmavericks 98 bostonceltics 92 home
houstonrockets 89 minnesotatimberwolves 83 home
phoenixsuns 78 memphisgrizzlies 72 away
orlandomagic 119 losangelesclippers 102 home
portlandtrailblazers 94 atlantahawks 79 home
sanantoniospurs 115 sacramentokings 92 home
brooklynnets 93 washingtonwizards 82 away
losangeleslakers 96 charlottehornets 94 away
chicagobulls 91 phoenixsuns 83 home
clevelandcavaliers 103 indianapacers 93 away
milwaukeebucks 116 goldenstatewarriors 112 home
brooklynnets 115 newyorkknicks 93 home
oklahomacitythunder 99 atlantahawks 96 home
detroitpistons 80 torontoraptors 72 away
chicagobulls 105 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
dallasmavericks 111 sacramentokings 97 home
houstonrockets 99 bostonceltics 89 home
indianapacers 106 losangelesclippers 88 home
orlandomagic 105 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
portlandtrailblazers 101 denvernuggets 90 home
minnesotatimberwolves 112 sanantoniospurs 88 away
miamiheat 97 washingtonwizards 95 away
clevelandcavaliers 111 orlandomagic 96 home
atlantahawks 89 denvernuggets 84 away
miamiheat 92 washingtonwizards 80 home
milwaukeebucks 89 detroitpistons 82 home
brooklynnets 95 charlottehornets 93 home
losangeleslakers 107 newyorkknicks 91 away
phoenixsuns 92 sanantoniospurs 83 home
oklahomacitythunder 101 torontoraptors 92 away
minnesotatimberwolves 97 charlottehornets 92 away
indianapacers 102 goldenstatewarriors 97 away
losangelesclippers 90 memphisgrizzlies 77 away
portlandtrailblazers 88 philadelphiaSSers 83 away
orlandomagic 112 chicagobulls 97 away
oklahomacitythunder 109 clevelandcavaliers 89 away
dallasmavericks 104 memphisgrizzlies 91 home
losangelesclippers 94 houstonrockets 84 away
losangeleslakers 99 milwaukeebucks 89 away
sacramentokings 107 utahjazz 81 home
sanantoniospurs 99 phoenixsuns 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 98 atlantahawks 81 away
milwaukeebucks 95 bostonceltics 92 away
charlottehornets 104 brooklynnets 85 home
detroitpistons 101 chicagobulls 89 home
goldenstatewarriors 110 denvernuggets 93 home
minnesotatimberwolves 112 losangeleslakers 101 home
philadelphiaSSers 82 miamiheat 72 home
orlandomagic 90 torontoraptors 85 away
portlandtrailblazers 105 washingtonwizards 101 away
clevelandcavaliers 114 sanantoniospurs 107 home
miamiheat 100 newyorkknicks 86 home
phoenixsuns 107 indianapacers 100 home
utahjazz 114 memphisgrizzlies 70 home
charlottehornets 100 bostonceltics 87 away
chicagobulls 90 washingtonwizards 81 home
denvernuggets 96 memphisgrizzlies 83 home
detroitpistons 110 orlandomagic 102 home
sacramentokings 116 goldenstatewarriors 108 away
losangeleslakers 96 indianapacers 84 home
sanantoniospurs 85 minnesotatimberwolves 77 away
newyorkknicks 89 oklahomacitythunder 87 home
philadelphiaSSers 110 brooklynnets 102 home
portlandtrailblazers 91 torontoraptors 81 away
atlantahawks 84 clevelandcavaliers 81 home
miamiheat 109 dallasmavericks 95 away
losangelesclippers 109 goldenstatewarriors 95 home
portlandtrailblazers 104 milwaukeebucks 103 away
houstonrockets 104 phoenixsuns 97 away
minnesotatimberwolves 116 utahjazz 105 away
detroitpistons 83 charlottehornets 81 away
milwaukeebucks 101 clevelandcavaliers 91 away
dallasmavericks 116 denvernuggets 110 away
losangeleslakers 95 houstonrockets 79 home
oklahomacitythunder 96 memphisgrizzlies 71 away
brooklynnets 92 chicagobulls 84 home
sanantoniospurs 99 newyorkknicks 83 away
indianapacers 97 sacramentokings 86 away
philadelphiaSSers 96 torontoraptors 84 away
washingtonwizards 107 orlandomagic 102 home
atlantahawks 95 memphisgrizzlies 76 home
bostonceltics 100 philadelphiaSSers 94 away
portlandtrailblazers 107 sacramentokings 95 home
utahjazz 100 denvernuggets 82 home
clevelandcavaliers 103 atlantahawks 96 home
dallasmavericks 81 phoenixsuns 77 home
miamiheat 93 detroitpistons 91 away
houstonrockets 112 torontoraptors 109 home
indianapacers 111 orlandomagic 98 home
losangeleslakers 101 brooklynnets 92 home
newyorkknicks 102 milwaukeebucks 89 home
sanantoniospurs 109 goldenstatewarriors 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 97 minnesotatimberwolves 83 home
washingtonwizards 115 chicagobulls 90 home
bostonceltics 130 orlandomagic 110 home
miamiheat 92 chicagobulls 87 away
milwaukeebucks 92 losangelesclippers 86 home
philadelphiaSSers 85 clevelandcavaliers 76 home
phoenixsuns 89 brooklynnets 87 home
portlandtrailblazers 85 minnesotatimberwolves 78 home
utahjazz 92 losangeleslakers 84 home
dallasmavericks 122 torontoraptors 103 home
denvernuggets 104 newyorkknicks 93 home
memphisgrizzlies 122 indianapacers 111 home
sanantoniospurs 99 houstonrockets 97 home
oklahomacitythunder 92 charlottehornets 89 home
detroitpistons 95 washingtonwizards 92 away
bostonceltics 117 detroitpistons 92 home
losangelesclippers 94 chicagobulls 90 away
goldenstatewarriors 108 houstonrockets 95 away
torontoraptors 83 miamiheat 74 away
clevelandcavaliers 115 milwaukeebucks 109 away
orlandomagic 99 washingtonwizards 96 home
philadelphiaSSers 109 indianapacers 100 home
phoenixsuns 81 minnesotatimberwolves 76 home
portlandtrailblazers 82 brooklynnets 73 home
sacramentokings 99 charlottehornets 87 home
newyorkknicks 85 utahjazz 79 away
philadelphiaSSers 112 atlantahawks 91 away
sanantoniospurs 100 chicagobulls 73 away
dallasmavericks 107 goldenstatewarriors 105 home
denvernuggets 109 portlandtrailblazers 106 home
miamiheat 93 memphisgrizzlies 88 away
oklahomacitythunder 96 brooklynnets 90 home
bostonceltics 98 washingtonwizards 91 home
losangelesclippers 95 clevelandcavaliers 78 away
indianapacers 89 detroitpistons 84 away
houstonrockets 95 utahjazz 92 home
losangeleslakers 117 newyorkknicks 103 home
sacramentokings 98 milwaukeebucks 73 away
orlandomagic 92 torontoraptors 79 home
charlottehornets 88 phoenixsuns 82 away
atlantahawks 121 goldenstatewarriors 96 home
sacramentokings 107 chicagobulls 103 away
dallasmavericks 119 oklahomacitythunder 108 home
sanantoniospurs 93 denvernuggets 78 away
memphisgrizzlies 79 utahjazz 78 home
losangelesclippers 108 minnesotatimberwolves 99 away
bostonceltics 104 washingtonwizards 99 away
houstonrockets 101 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
indianapacers 115 goldenstatewarriors 101 home
losangeleslakers 107 charlottehornets 66 home
miamiheat 90 phoenixsuns 78 home
milwaukeebucks 110 chicagobulls 81 home
brooklynnets 86 torontoraptors 84 home
philadelphiaSSers 104 newyorkknicks 96 away
sanantoniospurs 98 memphisgrizzlies 84 home
atlantahawks 105 denvernuggets 102 home
bostonceltics 97 brooklynnets 89 home
detroitpistons 85 clevelandcavaliers 84 home
losangelesclippers 96 washingtonwizards 75 home
houstonrockets 96 minnesotatimberwolves 95 away
orlandomagic 119 phoenixsuns 114 home
sacramentokings 92 philadelphiaSSers 88 away
charlottehornets 100 utahjazz 82 home
losangeleslakers 110 goldenstatewarriors 102 away
newyorkknicks 113 sacramentokings 96 home
portlandtrailblazers 132 dallasmavericks 106 home
sanantoniospurs 91 chicagobulls 86 home
atlantahawks 104 phoenixsuns 89 home
utahjazz 100 detroitpistons 97 away
losangeleslakers 98 losangelesclippers 92 home
bostonceltics 103 memphisgrizzlies 97 away
indianapacers 98 minnesotatimberwolves 85 away
brooklynnets 97 miamiheat 78 home
orlandomagic 124 denvernuggets 102 home
washingtonwizards 103 oklahomacitythunder 98 away
charlottehornets 87 phoenixsuns 76 home
dallasmavericks 117 goldenstatewarriors 100 away
chicagobulls 114 houstonrockets 112 away
oklahomacitythunder 95 losangelesclippers 87 away
miamiheat 101 denvernuggets 76 home
detroitpistons 102 milwaukeebucks 94 away
newyorkknicks 105 clevelandcavaliers 95 home
portlandtrailblazers 95 washingtonwizards 80 home
sanantoniospurs 111 bostonceltics 104 home
clevelandcavaliers 104 newyorkknicks 99 home
indianapacers 85 atlantahawks 68 home
losangeleslakers 105 dallasmavericks 103 home
brooklynnets 87 memphisgrizzlies 76 away
utahjazz 96 minnesotatimberwolves 89 away
orlandomagic 105 philadelphiaSSers 103 away
sacramentokings 116 torontoraptors 113 away
portlandtrailblazers 100 bostonceltics 91 away
charlottehornets 113 milwaukeebucks 110 home
detroitpistons 98 denvernuggets 91 away
washingtonwizards 99 goldenstatewarriors 96 away
losangelesclippers 93 houstonrockets 86 home
atlantahawks 102 chicagobulls 96 away
clevelandcavaliers 100 brooklynnets 97 home
dallasmavericks 114 losangeleslakers 98 home
newyorkknicks 101 memphisgrizzlies 92 away
philadelphiaSSers 91 miamiheat 79 away
minnesotatimberwolves 112 torontoraptors 80 home
orlandomagic 101 milwaukeebucks 91 home
sacramentokings 110 houstonrockets 87 home
oklahomacitythunder 110 goldenstatewarriors 93 home
detroitpistons 94 utahjazz 87 away
bostonceltics 96 clevelandcavaliers 70 home
charlottehornets 94 indianapacers 88 home
washingtonwizards 107 denvernuggets 75 away
brooklynnets 97 portlandtrailblazers 82 home
miamiheat 82 philadelphiaSSers 77 away
sanantoniospurs 108 losangeleslakers 90 home
atlantahawks 118 newyorkknicks 89 home
sanantoniospurs 105 dallasmavericks 102 away
losangelesclippers 116 goldenstatewarriors 96 away
minnesotatimberwolves 95 memphisgrizzlies 93 away
detroitpistons 95 phoenixsuns 82 away
sacramentokings 118 denvernuggets 82 home
utahjazz 94 washingtonwizards 79 home
philadelphiaSSers 96 bostonceltics 91 away
portlandtrailblazers 109 chicagobulls 93 away
torontoraptors 94 clevelandcavaliers 80 away
losangeleslakers 94 detroitpistons 82 home
indianapacers 104 miamiheat 94 away
brooklynnets 108 milwaukeebucks 84 home
charlottehornets 106 orlandomagic 92 away
oklahomacitythunder 112 houstonrockets 82 home
atlantahawks 112 chicagobulls 96 home
dallasmavericks 111 memphisgrizzlies 100 home
denvernuggets 88 oklahomacitythunder 85 home
phoenixsuns 97 losangelesclippers 94 away
portlandtrailblazers 108 minnesotatimberwolves 99 away
sanantoniospurs 89 miamiheat 79 home
utahjazz 112 goldenstatewarriors 103 home
brooklynnets 116 atlantahawks 102 home
philadelphiaSSers 90 newyorkknicks 82 home
losangeleslakers 97 sacramentokings 96 away
torontoraptors 92 washingtonwizards 91 home
detroitpistons 109 bostonceltics 101 home
houstonrockets 116 goldenstatewarriors 104 away
charlottehornets 99 indianapacers 84 away
milwaukeebucks 110 orlandomagic 85 home
sanantoniospurs 91 losangelesclippers 85 away
bostonceltics 87 miamiheat 82 away
denvernuggets 84 newyorkknicks 83 away
phoenixsuns 102 clevelandcavaliers 96 home
memphisgrizzlies 103 portlandtrailblazers 100 away
oklahomacitythunder 106 utahjazz 92 home
atlantahawks 103 brooklynnets 77 home
detroitpistons 96 indianapacers 77 away
losangeleslakers 121 clevelandcavaliers 116 home
dallasmavericks 112 milwaukeebucks 106 away
goldenstatewarriors 115 minnesotatimberwolves 106 away
orlandomagic 96 chicagobulls 82 home
sacramentokings 107 losangelesclippers 90 home
utahjazz 109 houstonrockets 105 home
washingtonwizards 103 denvernuggets 87 home
bostonceltics 102 goldenstatewarriors 99 home
charlottehornets 111 orlandomagic 104 home
newyorkknicks 89 detroitpistons 82 away
brooklynnets 88 philadelphiaSSers 80 away
phoenixsuns 118 losangeleslakers 106 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 sanantoniospurs 93 home
oklahomacitythunder 96 memphisgrizzlies 82 home
torontoraptors 81 miamiheat 80 home
torontoraptors 85 atlantahawks 83 away
philadelphiaSSers 99 chicagobulls 79 away
sacramentokings 101 houstonrockets 74 away
milwaukeebucks 95 denvernuggets 88 home
minnesotatimberwolves 113 dallasmavericks 111 home
utahjazz 112 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
dallasmavericks 108 bostonceltics 82 away
sacramentokings 92 charlottehornets 87 away
detroitpistons 110 goldenstatewarriors 103 home
losangeleslakers 91 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
miamiheat 92 atlantahawks 80 home
minnesotatimberwolves 98 newyorkknicks 77 away
orlandomagic 114 indianapacers 106 home
losangelesclippers 96 phoenixsuns 94 away
oklahomacitythunder 79 sanantoniospurs 76 home
washingtonwizards 107 milwaukeebucks 98 home
denvernuggets 100 chicagobulls 84 away
charlottehornets 93 clevelandcavaliers 85 away
phoenixsuns 90 houstonrockets 88 away
utahjazz 105 losangelesclippers 92 away
memphisgrizzlies 105 goldenstatewarriors 99 home
brooklynnets 102 philadelphiaSSers 92 home
oklahomacitythunder 92 portlandtrailblazers 87 away
sacramentokings 92 atlantahawks 91 away
bostonceltics 110 milwaukeebucks 80 home
detroitpistons 86 denvernuggets 82 home
indianapacers 100 miamiheat 81 home
losangeleslakers 96 sanantoniospurs 95 home
minnesotatimberwolves 86 brooklynnets 85 home
orlandomagic 97 newyorkknicks 90 home
torontoraptors 72 philadelphiaSSers 70 away
dallasmavericks 110 washingtonwizards 103 away
atlantahawks 100 milwaukeebucks 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 101 phoenixsuns 96 home
denvernuggets 98 utahjazz 90 home
goldenstatewarriors 107 portlandtrailblazers 91 home
houstonrockets 100 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
bostonceltics 105 indianapacers 94 away
sacramentokings 107 memphisgrizzlies 83 away
detroitpistons 90 miamiheat 87 away
newyorkknicks 91 charlottehornets 85 home
losangeleslakers 113 washingtonwizards 93 away
charlottehornets 97 miamiheat 90 home
sacramentokings 107 detroitpistons 86 away
milwaukeebucks 105 washingtonwizards 90 home
minnesotatimberwolves 92 memphisgrizzlies 81 home
brooklynnets 94 losangeleslakers 92 home
philadelphiaSSers 89 phoenixsuns 83 home
sanantoniospurs 90 oklahomacitythunder 88 home
torontoraptors 117 chicagobulls 104 home
utahjazz 99 losangelesclippers 87 home
atlantahawks 95 indianapacers 94 home
dallasmavericks 115 losangelesclippers 90 home
denvernuggets 88 minnesotatimberwolves 87 home
sanantoniospurs 102 houstonrockets 78 away
orlandomagic 105 clevelandcavaliers 101 home
portlandtrailblazers 88 newyorkknicks 80 home
bostonceltics 99 losangeleslakers 81 home
charlottehornets 97 washingtonwizards 91 home
torontoraptors 98 chicagobulls 96 away
goldenstatewarriors 108 denvernuggets 104 home
indianapacers 97 phoenixsuns 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 houstonrockets 81 home
miamiheat 102 milwaukeebucks 97 home
brooklynnets 110 orlandomagic 85 home
detroitpistons 92 philadelphiaSSers 88 away
newyorkknicks 86 oklahomacitythunder 83 away
sacramentokings 117 utahjazz 109 away
charlottehornets 93 atlantahawks 86 away
clevelandcavaliers 120 chicagobulls 101 home
minnesotatimberwolves 108 phoenixsuns 104 home
portlandtrailblazers 113 goldenstatewarriors 86 home
sanantoniospurs 89 dallasmavericks 87 home
washingtonwizards 88 memphisgrizzlies 85 home
losangelesclippers 97 denvernuggets 75 home
losangeleslakers 96 miamiheat 88 away
bostonceltics 102 brooklynnets 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 89 milwaukeebucks 87 home
sacramentokings 116 newyorkknicks 82 home
torontoraptors 94 indianapacers 84 home
chicagobulls 105 bostonceltics 100 home
detroitpistons 105 atlantahawks 99 home
minnesotatimberwolves 100 goldenstatewarriors 93 away
clevelandcavaliers 111 indianapacers 99 away
orlandomagic 83 houstonrockets 74 home
sanantoniospurs 99 portlandtrailblazers 87 home
oklahomacitythunder 102 losangelesclippers 100 home
dallasmavericks 105 utahjazz 96 away
dallasmavericks 108 portlandtrailblazers 96 home
losangeleslakers 112 utahjazz 82 home
memphisgrizzlies 97 denvernuggets 86 home
miamiheat 120 houstonrockets 117 home
philadelphiaSSers 92 milwaukeebucks 90 away
brooklynnets 101 washingtonwizards 88 home
orlandomagic 108 newyorkknicks 97 away
phoenixsuns 99 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
sacramentokings 122 minnesotatimberwolves 103 home
torontoraptors 84 charlottehornets 80 home
bostonceltics 70 miamiheat 65 home
atlantahawks 101 charlottehornets 95 away
clevelandcavaliers 106 milwaukeebucks 81 home
chicagobulls 102 detroitpistons 101 away
sacramentokings 118 goldenstatewarriors 116 away
indianapacers 98 torontoraptors 82 home
sanantoniospurs 87 denvernuggets 79 home
washingtonwizards 90 philadelphiaSSers 77 home
houstonrockets 98 dallasmavericks 95 away
losangeleslakers 96 minnesotatimberwolves 83 home
memphisgrizzlies 102 portlandtrailblazers 99 home
chicagobulls 104 newyorkknicks 101 away
brooklynnets 101 orlandomagic 99 away
utahjazz 97 phoenixsuns 96 away
bostonceltics 107 newyorkknicks 92 home
charlottehornets 112 clevelandcavaliers 100 home
denvernuggets 97 goldenstatewarriors 89 home
sanantoniospurs 96 detroitpistons 86 away
portlandtrailblazers 80 houstonrockets 79 away
indianapacers 112 milwaukeebucks 107 home
sacramentokings 125 losangelesclippers 106 away
miamiheat 99 orlandomagic 94 home
philadelphiaSSers 100 washingtonwizards 91 home
torontoraptors 112 atlantahawks 73 home
atlantahawks 128 clevelandcavaliers 123 home
detroitpistons 124 chicagobulls 106 away
denvernuggets 98 phoenixsuns 94 home
utahjazz 109 goldenstatewarriors 101 away
minnesotatimberwolves 101 losangelesclippers 98 away
sanantoniospurs 113 memphisgrizzlies 92 away
dallasmavericks 116 oklahomacitythunder 99 away
memphisgrizzlies 98 houstonrockets 95 away
newyorkknicks 94 miamiheat 67 away
milwaukeebucks 98 charlottehornets 91 home
philadelphiaSSers 95 orlandomagic 89 away
portlandtrailblazers 128 losangeleslakers 120 home
dallasmavericks 113 sacramentokings 100 away
torontoraptors 101 brooklynnets 82 home
indianapacers 86 washingtonwizards 80 away
losangeleslakers 111 oklahomacitythunder 104 home
bostonceltics 93 minnesotatimberwolves 90 away
chicagobulls 98 philadelphiaSSers 96 away
orlandomagic 102 atlantahawks 95 away
indianapacers 99 clevelandcavaliers 95 away
dallasmavericks 96 utahjazz 87 home
denvernuggets 101 houstonrockets 70 home
losangelesclippers 92 memphisgrizzlies 84 home
charlottehornets 88 miamiheat 81 away
milwaukeebucks 105 torontoraptors 89 home
detroitpistons 103 brooklynnets 98 away
sacramentokings 120 goldenstatewarriors 106 home
sanantoniospurs 95 phoenixsuns 71 home
washingtonwizards 116 newyorkknicks 112 home
bostonceltics 89 atlantahawks 81 home
charlottehornets 112 chicagobulls 106 home
detroitpistons 123 milwaukeebucks 89 home
goldenstatewarriors 107 losangelesclippers 103 home
indianapacers 103 philadelphiaSSers 80 home
losangeleslakers 109 sacramentokings 95 home
minnesotatimberwolves 104 denvernuggets 90 home
brooklynnets 99 newyorkknicks 94 away
miamiheat 103 orlandomagic 89 away
phoenixsuns 89 dallasmavericks 76 home
portlandtrailblazers 92 houstonrockets 79 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 memphisgrizzlies 94 home
torontoraptors 103 clevelandcavaliers 85 home
sanantoniospurs 86 utahjazz 84 away
playoffs
charlottehornets 80 orlandomagic 79 home
indianapacers 89 brooklynnets 83 away
sacramentokings 89 utahjazz 86 home
sanantoniospurs 110 oklahomacitythunder 89 home
bostonceltics 92 philadelphiaSSers 82 home
dallasmavericks 101 minnesotatimberwolves 94 home
detroitpistons 85 torontoraptors 63 home
losangeleslakers 95 portlandtrailblazers 87 home
brooklynnets 95 indianapacers 79 home
oklahomacitythunder 98 sanantoniospurs 90 away
orlandomagic 111 charlottehornets 103 away
utahjazz 93 sacramentokings 86 away
dallasmavericks 122 minnesotatimberwolves 110 home
detroitpistons 96 torontoraptors 91 home
bostonceltics 93 philadelphiaSSers 85 home
losangeleslakers 103 portlandtrailblazers 96 home
brooklynnets 85 indianapacers 84 away
charlottehornets 110 orlandomagic 100 away
sanantoniospurs 102 oklahomacitythunder 75 away
torontoraptors 94 detroitpistons 84 home
sacramentokings 90 utahjazz 87 away
dallasmavericks 115 minnesotatimberwolves 102 away
philadelphiaSSers 108 bostonceltics 103 home
losangeleslakers 92 portlandtrailblazers 91 away
torontoraptors 89 detroitpistons 83 home
sacramentokings 91 utahjazz 86 away
indianapacers 97 brooklynnets 74 home
charlottehornets 102 orlandomagic 85 away
philadelphiaSSers 83 bostonceltics 81 home
oklahomacitythunder 91 sanantoniospurs 79 home
detroitpistons 85 torontoraptors 82 home
brooklynnets 120 indianapacers 109 home
bostonceltics 120 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
sanantoniospurs 101 oklahomacitythunder 78 home
sacramentokings 108 dallasmavericks 91 home
detroitpistons 96 bostonceltics 84 home
losangeleslakers 86 sanantoniospurs 80 home
brooklynnets 99 charlottehornets 93 home
dallasmavericks 110 sacramentokings 102 away
sanantoniospurs 88 losangeleslakers 85 away
brooklynnets 102 charlottehornets 88 home
bostonceltics 85 detroitpistons 77 away
charlottehornets 115 brooklynnets 97 home
sacramentokings 125 dallasmavericks 119 away
bostonceltics 66 detroitpistons 64 home
losangeleslakers 99 sanantoniospurs 89 away
sacramentokings 115 dallasmavericks 113 away
bostonceltics 90 detroitpistons 79 home
brooklynnets 89 charlottehornets 79 away
losangeleslakers 87 sanantoniospurs 85 away
sacramentokings 114 dallasmavericks 101 home
bostonceltics 90 detroitpistons 81 away
losangeleslakers 93 sanantoniospurs 87 home
brooklynnets 103 charlottehornets 95 home
losangeleslakers 106 sacramentokings 99 away
brooklynnets 104 bostonceltics 97 home
sacramentokings 96 losangeleslakers 90 home
bostonceltics 93 brooklynnets 86 away
sacramentokings 103 losangeleslakers 90 away
bostonceltics 94 brooklynnets 90 home
losangeleslakers 100 sacramentokings 99 home
brooklynnets 94 bostonceltics 92 away
sacramentokings 92 losangeleslakers 91 home
brooklynnets 103 bostonceltics 92 home
brooklynnets 96 bostonceltics 88 away
losangeleslakers 106 sacramentokings 102 home
losangeleslakers 112 sacramentokings 106 away
losangeleslakers 99 brooklynnets 94 home
losangeleslakers 106 brooklynnets 83 home
losangeleslakers 106 brooklynnets 103 away
losangeleslakers 113 brooklynnets 107 away
yearEnd
sanantoniospurs 87 losangeleslakers 82 away
orlandomagic 95 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
sacramentokings 94 clevelandcavaliers 67 home
chicagobulls 99 bostonceltics 96 away
detroitpistons 86 newyorkknicks 77 home
goldenstatewarriors 106 sanantoniospurs 98 home
indianapacers 91 houstonrockets 82 home
clevelandcavaliers 98 losangelesclippers 96 away
dallasmavericks 119 memphisgrizzlies 108 away
orlandomagic 100 miamiheat 86 away
minnesotatimberwolves 83 denvernuggets 77 home
brooklynnets 105 atlantahawks 94 home
neworleanspelicans 100 utahjazz 75 home
philadelphiaSSers 95 milwaukeebucks 93 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 losangeleslakers 90 home
oklahomacitythunder 86 phoenixsuns 73 home
torontoraptors 74 washingtonwizards 68 home
atlantahawks 105 utahjazz 98 home
sacramentokings 100 portlandtrailblazers 72 home
washingtonwizards 114 bostonceltics 69 home
chicagobulls 84 neworleanspelicans 79 home
houstonrockets 83 denvernuggets 74 away
detroitpistons 109 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 goldenstatewarriors 93 away
losangeleslakers 108 losangelesclippers 93 home
minnesotatimberwolves 111 orlandomagic 105 home
brooklynnets 102 indianapacers 91 home
philadelphiaSSers 98 newyorkknicks 86 home
phoenixsuns 78 clevelandcavaliers 74 home
sanantoniospurs 91 torontoraptors 72 home
atlantahawks 98 chicagobulls 92 home
dallasmavericks 97 phoenixsuns 83 home
houstonrockets 88 torontoraptors 76 home
indianapacers 87 minnesotatimberwolves 80 home
sacramentokings 116 memphisgrizzlies 99 away
orlandomagic 100 milwaukeebucks 90 away
neworleanspelicans 100 miamiheat 95 home
bostonceltics 117 newyorkknicks 107 away
denvernuggets 96 portlandtrailblazers 79 away
utahjazz 101 goldenstatewarriors 92 home
brooklynnets 87 washingtonwizards 79 away
losangelesclippers 74 detroitpistons 72 home
losangeleslakers 98 portlandtrailblazers 95 home
miamiheat 88 sacramentokings 78 home
oklahomacitythunder 91 utahjazz 77 home
dallasmavericks 107 goldenstatewarriors 100 home
sanantoniospurs 103 memphisgrizzlies 101 away
brooklynnets 106 minnesotatimberwolves 82 home
milwaukeebucks 97 newyorkknicks 88 away
detroitpistons 84 phoenixsuns 82 away
torontoraptors 109 chicagobulls 105 home
clevelandcavaliers 89 losangeleslakers 70 home
atlantahawks 103 denvernuggets 87 away
oklahomacitythunder 104 houstonrockets 97 away
indianapacers 83 miamiheat 79 away
minnesotatimberwolves 90 washingtonwizards 86 home
orlandomagic 125 sacramentokings 121 home
sanantoniospurs 93 goldenstatewarriors 73 home
bostonceltics 91 chicagobulls 69 away
milwaukeebucks 99 brooklynnets 93 home
neworleanspelicans 86 oklahomacitythunder 84 home
newyorkknicks 95 sacramentokings 88 home
philadelphiaSSers 101 losangelesclippers 99 home
phoenixsuns 93 atlantahawks 88 home
portlandtrailblazers 94 memphisgrizzlies 88 home
dallasmavericks 106 torontoraptors 92 away
detroitpistons 80 utahjazz 78 away
washingtonwizards 107 clevelandcavaliers 100 home
bostonceltics 98 losangeleslakers 95 home
detroitpistons 89 denvernuggets 63 away
minnesotatimberwolves 114 milwaukeebucks 110 home
dallasmavericks 114 chicagobulls 87 away
indianapacers 107 newyorkknicks 94 home
brooklynnets 106 losangelesclippers 92 home
neworleanspelicans 110 goldenstatewarriors 104 home
orlandomagic 105 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
philadelphiaSSers 108 clevelandcavaliers 84 home
phoenixsuns 86 portlandtrailblazers 75 home
sacramentokings 99 memphisgrizzlies 91 home
utahjazz 110 atlantahawks 97 home
washingtonwizards 100 losangeleslakers 99 home
chicagobulls 100 brooklynnets 93 home
washingtonwizards 93 clevelandcavaliers 79 away
dallasmavericks 114 detroitpistons 75 home
denvernuggets 84 memphisgrizzlies 73 home
houstonrockets 111 goldenstatewarriors 104 home
indianapacers 108 torontoraptors 84 home
oklahomacitythunder 84 miamiheat 82 away
milwaukeebucks 110 philadelphiaSSers 105 home
bostonceltics 105 minnesotatimberwolves 99 away
portlandtrailblazers 95 sanantoniospurs 76 away
neworleanspelicans 97 newyorkknicks 91 away
losangelesclippers 120 orlandomagic 117 away
sacramentokings 105 atlantahawks 97 home
bostonceltics 112 utahjazz 95 home
dallasmavericks 82 portlandtrailblazers 73 home
goldenstatewarriors 108 memphisgrizzlies 101 away
sanantoniospurs 91 minnesotatimberwolves 75 home
detroitpistons 93 neworleanspelicans 87 home
houstonrockets 86 portlandtrailblazers 83 home
indianapacers 95 clevelandcavaliers 75 home
atlantahawks 95 losangeleslakers 83 away
losangelesclippers 101 miamiheat 82 away
utahjazz 108 newyorkknicks 87 away
torontoraptors 115 orlandomagic 109 away
oklahomacitythunder 101 washingtonwizards 95 away
bostonceltics 91 philadelphiaSSers 81 home
dallasmavericks 103 clevelandcavaliers 99 away
phoenixsuns 75 denvernuggets 72 away
sacramentokings 104 goldenstatewarriors 93 away
milwaukeebucks 108 chicagobulls 101 home
brooklynnets 91 sanantoniospurs 82 home
neworleanspelicans 102 minnesotatimberwolves 98 home
orlandomagic 101 losangelesclippers 80 away
philadelphiaSSers 99 sanantoniospurs 94 home
washingtonwizards 105 utahjazz 102 home
dallasmavericks 97 bostonceltics 86 away
detroitpistons 86 utahjazz 75 home
indianapacers 103 milwaukeebucks 100 home
losangeleslakers 96 goldenstatewarriors 89 home
minnesotatimberwolves 99 memphisgrizzlies 95 away
brooklynnets 93 miamiheat 84 away
neworleanspelicans 105 chicagobulls 87 home
phoenixsuns 88 houstonrockets 87 home
portlandtrailblazers 112 losangelesclippers 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 111 sacramentokings 97 home
torontoraptors 84 denvernuggets 79 home
atlantahawks 89 neworleanspelicans 82 home
chicagobulls 111 memphisgrizzlies 93 home
sanantoniospurs 90 clevelandcavaliers 77 away
detroitpistons 74 denvernuggets 53 home
goldenstatewarriors 135 orlandomagic 92 home
milwaukeebucks 104 bostonceltics 85 home
indianapacers 107 minnesotatimberwolves 101 away
dallasmavericks 96 brooklynnets 88 away
philadelphiaSSers 93 newyorkknicks 92 away
washingtonwizards 95 miamiheat 65 home
oklahomacitythunder 84 losangelesclippers 78 away
houstonrockets 93 losangeleslakers 89 away
philadelphiaSSers 100 washingtonwizards 84 home
sacramentokings 101 orlandomagic 99 home
utahjazz 82 torontoraptors 78 away
atlantahawks 117 torontoraptors 92 home
losangelesclippers 99 goldenstatewarriors 89 away
brooklynnets 99 denvernuggets 79 home
newyorkknicks 94 detroitpistons 91 home
sanantoniospurs 104 clevelandcavaliers 78 home
dallasmavericks 98 losangeleslakers 72 home
houstonrockets 97 clevelandcavaliers 80 home
miamiheat 97 milwaukeebucks 93 away
minnesotatimberwolves 110 memphisgrizzlies 106 home
neworleanspelicans 99 philadelphiaSSers 98 home
sacramentokings 111 chicagobulls 98 home
orlandomagic 101 oklahomacitythunder 84 away
utahjazz 99 phoenixsuns 76 home
minnesotatimberwolves 103 atlantahawks 93 away
bostonceltics 96 brooklynnets 79 home
utahjazz 96 denvernuggets 79 away
detroitpistons 79 miamiheat 68 home
goldenstatewarriors 100 chicagobulls 94 home
sacramentokings 93 losangelesclippers 89 away
philadelphiaSSers 95 memphisgrizzlies 88 away
portlandtrailblazers 98 orlandomagic 84 home
sanantoniospurs 95 losangeleslakers 88 home
indianapacers 97 torontoraptors 95 away
dallasmavericks 103 houstonrockets 90 home
portlandtrailblazers 89 oklahomacitythunder 85 away
bostonceltics 105 atlantahawks 98 home
denvernuggets 72 losangelesclippers 70 home
milwaukeebucks 95 goldenstatewarriors 91 away
houstonrockets 93 washingtonwizards 86 home
indianapacers 106 orlandomagic 70 home
losangeleslakers 86 chicagobulls 73 home
detroitpistons 75 miamiheat 72 away
brooklynnets 120 clevelandcavaliers 79 home
neworleanspelicans 105 newyorkknicks 97 home
philadelphiaSSers 90 torontoraptors 80 home
sacramentokings 118 phoenixsuns 101 home
sanantoniospurs 95 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
bostonceltics 109 atlantahawks 99 away
neworleanspelicans 97 clevelandcavaliers 84 away
dallasmavericks 115 oklahomacitythunder 105 home
detroitpistons 106 indianapacers 91 away
memphisgrizzlies 85 washingtonwizards 74 home
brooklynnets 96 minnesotatimberwolves 82 away
denvernuggets 80 phoenixsuns 79 away
sacramentokings 95 portlandtrailblazers 94 away
utahjazz 110 chicagobulls 90 home
losangelesclippers 90 houstonrockets 89 home
losangeleslakers 111 milwaukeebucks 99 home
minnesotatimberwolves 106 newyorkknicks 88 away
orlandomagic 77 miamiheat 75 home
oklahomacitythunder 91 sanantoniospurs 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 94 torontoraptors 84 away
philadelphiaSSers 108 neworleanspelicans 87 home
phoenixsuns 86 milwaukeebucks 81 home
atlantahawks 119 oklahomacitythunder 116 home
sacramentokings 91 clevelandcavaliers 85 away
denvernuggets 85 sanantoniospurs 81 home
utahjazz 99 losangelesclippers 94 away
miamiheat 97 losangeleslakers 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 77 houstonrockets 71 home
indianapacers 88 washingtonwizards 84 away
bostonceltics 92 chicagobulls 82 home
dallasmavericks 102 detroitpistons 82 away
houstonrockets 91 goldenstatewarriors 84 away
memphisgrizzlies 117 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
milwaukeebucks 112 clevelandcavaliers 80 home
minnesotatimberwolves 90 sacramentokings 74 home
neworleanspelicans 106 atlantahawks 94 home
orlandomagic 112 losangeleslakers 102 home
philadelphiaSSers 83 miamiheat 74 home
phoenixsuns 82 brooklynnets 75 home
sanantoniospurs 99 denvernuggets 68 home
newyorkknicks 87 torontoraptors 81 away
indianapacers 110 dallasmavericks 98 home
losangelesclippers 126 brooklynnets 118 home
atlantahawks 100 miamiheat 94 home
torontoraptors 98 bostonceltics 95 away
philadelphiaSSers 106 clevelandcavaliers 99 away
goldenstatewarriors 92 denvernuggets 82 away
detroitpistons 96 milwaukeebucks 91 home
indianapacers 100 washingtonwizards 84 home
losangeleslakers 112 memphisgrizzlies 106 away
phoenixsuns 94 sanantoniospurs 87 home
sacramentokings 107 losangelesclippers 94 home
houstonrockets 83 oklahomacitythunder 72 away
utahjazz 95 minnesotatimberwolves 77 home
dallasmavericks 103 chicagobulls 90 home
goldenstatewarriors 100 phoenixsuns 90 home
miamiheat 85 clevelandcavaliers 79 home
milwaukeebucks 109 detroitpistons 86 home
newyorkknicks 92 neworleanspelicans 86 home
orlandomagic 117 atlantahawks 92 home
brooklynnets 93 portlandtrailblazers 86 away
sanantoniospurs 107 utahjazz 85 home
philadelphiaSSers 95 washingtonwizards 94 away
bostonceltics 95 neworleanspelicans 86 home
indianapacers 92 losangelesclippers 87 away
minnesotatimberwolves 110 losangeleslakers 107 away
torontoraptors 92 memphisgrizzlies 87 away
sacramentokings 103 houstonrockets 84 home
oklahomacitythunder 96 brooklynnets 95 home
dallasmavericks 113 torontoraptors 102 home
newyorkknicks 125 clevelandcavaliers 93 home
bostonceltics 102 orlandomagic 97 away
miamiheat 100 phoenixsuns 90 away
utahjazz 102 indianapacers 91 home
goldenstatewarriors 110 denvernuggets 89 home
houstonrockets 89 sanantoniospurs 75 home
losangeleslakers 101 memphisgrizzlies 91 home
brooklynnets 87 atlantahawks 72 home
sacramentokings 98 minnesotatimberwolves 86 home
washingtonwizards 103 milwaukeebucks 78 home
neworleanspelicans 115 chicagobulls 90 away
clevelandcavaliers 111 chicagobulls 101 home
sacramentokings 92 denvernuggets 90 away
washingtonwizards 88 detroitpistons 83 away
losangelesclippers 89 miamiheat 80 home
neworleanspelicans 89 torontoraptors 74 home
orlandomagic 87 newyorkknicks 85 away
philadelphiaSSers 99 bostonceltics 93 home
phoenixsuns 98 memphisgrizzlies 85 home
dallasmavericks 103 portlandtrailblazers 88 away
indianapacers 114 oklahomacitythunder 111 away
utahjazz 93 losangeleslakers 85 home
atlantahawks 98 milwaukeebucks 80 home
minnesotatimberwolves 114 goldenstatewarriors 98 away
bostonceltics 91 newyorkknicks 80 home
losangeleslakers 105 dallasmavericks 103 home
neworleanspelicans 98 houstonrockets 96 home
orlandomagic 88 washingtonwizards 78 home
phoenixsuns 102 indianapacers 96 home
portlandtrailblazers 88 miamiheat 69 home
sacramentokings 98 denvernuggets 77 home
sanantoniospurs 98 philadelphiaSSers 93 home
torontoraptors 103 chicagobulls 89 home
utahjazz 104 memphisgrizzlies 71 home
atlantahawks 94 detroitpistons 92 home
chicagobulls 112 clevelandcavaliers 104 home
denvernuggets 92 indianapacers 81 home
dallasmavericks 121 goldenstatewarriors 116 away
houstonrockets 97 philadelphiaSSers 72 home
losangelesclippers 104 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
neworleanspelicans 94 milwaukeebucks 88 away
brooklynnets 121 orlandomagic 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 100 miamiheat 71 home
washingtonwizards 100 newyorkknicks 97 home
losangeleslakers 110 utahjazz 101 home
memphisgrizzlies 102 phoenixsuns 94 home
sacramentokings 104 sanantoniospurs 80 away
portlandtrailblazers 104 torontoraptors 91 away
bostonceltics 114 orlandomagic 109 home
milwaukeebucks 140 clevelandcavaliers 133 away
minnesotatimberwolves 92 denvernuggets 84 away
brooklynnets 106 phoenixsuns 93 home
losangelesclippers 94 neworleanspelicans 90 away
chicagobulls 107 orlandomagic 87 home
dallasmavericks 122 losangelesclippers 95 home
goldenstatewarriors 106 losangeleslakers 102 home
houstonrockets 103 sacramentokings 96 home
memphisgrizzlies 107 miamiheat 96 away
newyorkknicks 97 oklahomacitythunder 80 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 washingtonwizards 79 away
phoenixsuns 103 bostonceltics 94 away
clevelandcavaliers 96 torontoraptors 83 home
detroitpistons 91 atlantahawks 80 home
memphisgrizzlies 96 denvernuggets 93 home
indianapacers 126 milwaukeebucks 119 away
brooklynnets 105 portlandtrailblazers 104 home
oklahomacitythunder 92 philadelphiaSSers 88 away
sanantoniospurs 111 dallasmavericks 104 home
detroitpistons 86 chicagobulls 76 away
minnesotatimberwolves 113 atlantahawks 95 home
neworleanspelicans 93 utahjazz 88 away
bostonceltics 115 clevelandcavaliers 100 home
indianapacers 94 denvernuggets 72 home
neworleanspelicans 98 losangeleslakers 82 away
memphisgrizzlies 114 houstonrockets 109 home
newyorkknicks 97 miamiheat 92 away
milwaukeebucks 101 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
brooklynnets 79 washingtonwizards 65 home
orlandomagic 111 goldenstatewarriors 85 home
phoenixsuns 99 philadelphiaSSers 91 away
sanantoniospurs 97 losangelesclippers 84 home
oklahomacitythunder 91 torontoraptors 79 away
phoenixsuns 102 atlantahawks 88 away
chicagobulls 97 milwaukeebucks 95 home
clevelandcavaliers 111 denvernuggets 104 home
dallasmavericks 104 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
detroitpistons 91 oklahomacitythunder 78 home
losangelesclippers 94 houstonrockets 83 away
miamiheat 101 goldenstatewarriors 92 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 minnesotatimberwolves 92 away
bostonceltics 113 newyorkknicks 90 away
sacramentokings 98 utahjazz 96 away
detroitpistons 101 brooklynnets 91 home
indianapacers 107 philadelphiaSSers 97 home
losangeleslakers 107 orlandomagic 84 home
sacramentokings 107 neworleanspelicans 92 home
washingtonwizards 95 torontoraptors 82 away
chicagobulls 94 bostonceltics 83 home
oklahomacitythunder 111 clevelandcavaliers 98 away
losangelesclippers 91 sanantoniospurs 79 home
memphisgrizzlies 104 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
houstonrockets 105 miamiheat 100 away
philadelphiaSSers 93 denvernuggets 71 home
phoenixsuns 87 orlandomagic 84 home
washingtonwizards 109 atlantahawks 99 away
dallasmavericks 118 indianapacers 97 home
torontoraptors 122 milwaukeebucks 117 away
minnesotatimberwolves 96 losangeleslakers 80 home
newyorkknicks 101 brooklynnets 99 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 neworleanspelicans 93 home
sacramentokings 95 phoenixsuns 86 home
miamiheat 91 bostonceltics 81 away
chicagobulls 96 torontoraptors 83 home
detroitpistons 111 clevelandcavaliers 106 away
dallasmavericks 80 denvernuggets 75 away
goldenstatewarriors 111 neworleanspelicans 106 home
houstonrockets 95 indianapacers 83 home
portlandtrailblazers 97 losangelesclippers 93 away
philadelphiaSSers 99 minnesotatimberwolves 94 home
sanantoniospurs 91 oklahomacitythunder 88 away
orlandomagic 97 utahjazz 90 away
washingtonwizards 118 memphisgrizzlies 100 home
brooklynnets 98 losangeleslakers 71 home
sanantoniospurs 83 sacramentokings 81 away
bostonceltics 108 minnesotatimberwolves 99 home
utahjazz 93 dallasmavericks 81 away
orlandomagic 89 denvernuggets 80 away
detroitpistons 109 clevelandcavaliers 107 home
portlandtrailblazers 113 goldenstatewarriors 111 away
houstonrockets 101 atlantahawks 82 home
indianapacers 101 chicagobulls 86 home
phoenixsuns 87 losangelesclippers 76 away
memphisgrizzlies 95 milwaukeebucks 84 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 losangeleslakers 104 home
neworleanspelicans 88 oklahomacitythunder 86 away
miamiheat 97 torontoraptors 77 away
atlantahawks 79 philadelphiaSSers 77 home
chicagobulls 110 indianapacers 103 home
bostonceltics 89 clevelandcavaliers 82 away
losangelesclippers 92 denvernuggets 89 home
milwaukeebucks 94 newyorkknicks 90 home
minnesotatimberwolves 98 houstonrockets 86 home
brooklynnets 100 detroitpistons 92 home
phoenixsuns 110 sacramentokings 101 home
portlandtrailblazers 81 oklahomacitythunder 80 home
sanantoniospurs 92 washingtonwizards 81 home
utahjazz 103 memphisgrizzlies 74 away
miamiheat 92 newyorkknicks 84 away
sacramentokings 103 goldenstatewarriors 88 home
losangeleslakers 109 torontoraptors 107 away
clevelandcavaliers 74 miamiheat 72 home
dallasmavericks 92 washingtonwizards 86 home
utahjazz 96 houstonrockets 91 away
indianapacers 112 atlantahawks 97 home
brooklynnets 99 chicagobulls 83 home
milwaukeebucks 108 orlandomagic 103 away
phoenixsuns 89 oklahomacitythunder 88 home
sanantoniospurs 99 neworleanspelicans 94 home
sacramentokings 105 losangeleslakers 99 away
brooklynnets 117 bostonceltics 81 home
orlandomagic 104 detroitpistons 99 home
dallasmavericks 83 neworleanspelicans 81 away
oklahomacitythunder 97 torontoraptors 88 home
detroitpistons 87 washingtonwizards 82 away
atlantahawks 81 sanantoniospurs 79 home
minnesotatimberwolves 113 chicagobulls 100 away
indianapacers 113 clevelandcavaliers 89 away
goldenstatewarriors 101 torontoraptors 96 home
newyorkknicks 99 houstonrockets 83 away
memphisgrizzlies 99 orlandomagic 86 home
miamiheat 90 bostonceltics 70 home
brooklynnets 110 milwaukeebucks 90 home
phoenixsuns 108 losangelesclippers 95 home
portlandtrailblazers 103 utahjazz 98 home
sanantoniospurs 109 chicagobulls 95 away
dallasmavericks 107 newyorkknicks 82 home
losangeleslakers 112 denvernuggets 93 away
detroitpistons 106 minnesotatimberwolves 82 home
indianapacers 91 neworleanspelicans 84 home
goldenstatewarriors 99 losangelesclippers 92 away
brooklynnets 104 milwaukeebucks 96 away
orlandomagic 101 bostonceltics 95 home
portlandtrailblazers 119 sacramentokings 113 away
utahjazz 98 philadelphiaSSers 69 home
washingtonwizards 84 atlantahawks 76 home
phoenixsuns 103 clevelandcavaliers 84 away
houstonrockets 97 neworleanspelicans 85 home
losangeleslakers 104 torontoraptors 88 home
milwaukeebucks 110 dallasmavericks 107 away
oklahomacitythunder 79 denvernuggets 77 away
portlandtrailblazers 85 detroitpistons 74 away
goldenstatewarriors 104 philadelphiaSSers 98 home
miamiheat 93 atlantahawks 84 home
minnesotatimberwolves 104 phoenixsuns 98 home
brooklynnets 102 clevelandcavaliers 88 home
newyorkknicks 96 sanantoniospurs 95 home
orlandomagic 112 washingtonwizards 95 home
utahjazz 107 torontoraptors 85 home
bostonceltics 96 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
chicagobulls 102 portlandtrailblazers 87 home
houstonrockets 103 milwaukeebucks 80 home
philadelphiaSSers 83 losangelesclippers 75 away
indianapacers 89 neworleanspelicans 86 away
washingtonwizards 105 sanantoniospurs 103 home
miamiheat 107 atlantahawks 73 away
newyorkknicks 95 torontoraptors 75 home
washingtonwizards 107 chicagobulls 82 away
dallasmavericks 102 losangelesclippers 92 home
phoenixsuns 96 philadelphiaSSers 78 home
portlandtrailblazers 108 bostonceltics 103 away
memphisgrizzlies 116 losangelesclippers 111 home
brooklynnets 100 miamiheat 80 away
utahjazz 118 milwaukeebucks 115 away
neworleanspelicans 100 orlandomagic 89 home
newyorkknicks 98 indianapacers 96 home
sanantoniospurs 98 goldenstatewarriors 95 home
denvernuggets 94 oklahomacitythunder 82 away
clevelandcavaliers 81 torontoraptors 80 away
detroitpistons 90 atlantahawks 86 away
chicagobulls 85 clevelandcavaliers 79 home
dallasmavericks 102 philadelphiaSSers 83 home
sacramentokings 87 denvernuggets 76 away
goldenstatewarriors 86 houstonrockets 84 away
utahjazz 105 minnesotatimberwolves 97 away
brooklynnets 88 orlandomagic 83 away
phoenixsuns 107 losangeleslakers 93 home
washingtonwizards 107 indianapacers 104 home
sanantoniospurs 94 losangelesclippers 86 away
losangeleslakers 109 phoenixsuns 97 home
portlandtrailblazers 92 newyorkknicks 89 away
sacramentokings 96 miamiheat 70 home
neworleanspelicans 99 torontoraptors 84 away
brooklynnets 101 atlantahawks 94 away
washingtonwizards 100 bostonceltics 95 away
chicagobulls 113 utahjazz 98 home
milwaukeebucks 106 clevelandcavaliers 94 away
dallasmavericks 86 denvernuggets 71 home
detroitpistons 82 torontoraptors 74 home
goldenstatewarriors 99 miamiheat 85 home
memphisgrizzlies 106 neworleanspelicans 102 home
orlandomagic 103 newyorkknicks 100 home
indianapacers 105 philadelphiaSSers 104 away
houstonrockets 94 minnesotatimberwolves 86 home
losangeleslakers 119 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
sacramentokings 101 milwaukeebucks 76 away
phoenixsuns 88 portlandtrailblazers 81 away
dallasmavericks 117 atlantahawks 99 away
denvernuggets 86 miamiheat 76 home
indianapacers 89 newyorkknicks 87 home
losangelesclippers 103 memphisgrizzlies 95 home
minnesotatimberwolves 102 goldenstatewarriors 95 home
bostonceltics 93 neworleanspelicans 83 away
houstonrockets 91 orlandomagic 81 away
detroitpistons 103 philadelphiaSSers 94 away
sanantoniospurs 106 oklahomacitythunder 95 away
utahjazz 99 phoenixsuns 93 home
washingtonwizards 101 chicagobulls 98 home
sacramentokings 118 brooklynnets 82 away
portlandtrailblazers 90 sanantoniospurs 87 home
denvernuggets 82 portlandtrailblazers 81 home
losangeleslakers 115 clevelandcavaliers 99 home
milwaukeebucks 93 chicagobulls 85 home
minnesotatimberwolves 115 sacramentokings 109 home
detroitpistons 101 neworleanspelicans 99 away
indianapacers 101 orlandomagic 97 away
newyorkknicks 114 philadelphiaSSers 112 away
phoenixsuns 96 memphisgrizzlies 90 home
losangelesclippers 90 oklahomacitythunder 88 away
brooklynnets 94 torontoraptors 79 away
utahjazz 92 miamiheat 76 home
goldenstatewarriors 104 washingtonwizards 99 away
atlantahawks 84 houstonrockets 75 home
dallasmavericks 103 bostonceltics 78 home
atlantahawks 87 neworleanspelicans 80 home
milwaukeebucks 89 detroitpistons 87 away
houstonrockets 87 denvernuggets 85 home
indianapacers 116 goldenstatewarriors 104 home
washingtonwizards 89 newyorkknicks 84 away
dallasmavericks 96 losangelesclippers 90 away
losangeleslakers 106 miamiheat 81 home
orlandomagic 107 philadelphiaSSers 105 away
phoenixsuns 107 utahjazz 99 home
sacramentokings 106 memphisgrizzlies 98 home
sanantoniospurs 81 bostonceltics 80 home
clevelandcavaliers 87 oklahomacitythunder 79 away
torontoraptors 105 minnesotatimberwolves 91 home
chicagobulls 101 newyorkknicks 94 home
memphisgrizzlies 110 goldenstatewarriors 108 away
houstonrockets 101 bostonceltics 92 home
minnesotatimberwolves 89 denvernuggets 75 home
detroitpistons 101 orlandomagic 86 away
portlandtrailblazers 118 clevelandcavaliers 94 home
miamiheat 88 detroitpistons 85 home
milwaukeebucks 97 atlantahawks 88 home
newyorkknicks 98 chicagobulls 86 home
sanantoniospurs 108 phoenixsuns 100 home
torontoraptors 84 washingtonwizards 75 away
bostonceltics 86 atlantahawks 66 home
utahjazz 92 denvernuggets 81 away
goldenstatewarriors 108 clevelandcavaliers 80 home
houstonrockets 102 phoenixsuns 96 home
indianapacers 104 miamiheat 81 home
minnesotatimberwolves 95 losangelesclippers 64 away
losangeleslakers 90 neworleanspelicans 82 away
philadelphiaSSers 108 brooklynnets 107 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
sacramentokings 123 dallasmavericks 94 home
milwaukeebucks 99 torontoraptors 87 away
utahjazz 92 oklahomacitythunder 85 home
washingtonwizards 108 orlandomagic 93 home
bostonceltics 98 indianapacers 93 home
denvernuggets 97 clevelandcavaliers 80 home
detroitpistons 99 newyorkknicks 82 home
goldenstatewarriors 107 minnesotatimberwolves 98 home
houstonrockets 108 losangeleslakers 104 home
brooklynnets 88 torontoraptors 77 home
neworleanspelicans 90 chicagobulls 83 home
milwaukeebucks 99 philadelphiaSSers 95 away
phoenixsuns 111 dallasmavericks 106 home
sanantoniospurs 106 atlantahawks 93 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 memphisgrizzlies 97 home
newyorkknicks 95 atlantahawks 92 away
indianapacers 88 detroitpistons 86 home
losangelesclippers 112 sacramentokings 107 home
miamiheat 102 chicagobulls 101 home
bostonceltics 97 milwaukeebucks 95 away
minnesotatimberwolves 104 portlandtrailblazers 98 away
utahjazz 95 clevelandcavaliers 78 home
philadelphiaSSers 88 washingtonwizards 80 away
oklahomacitythunder 85 dallasmavericks 81 home
orlandomagic 101 torontoraptors 93 away
chicagobulls 115 atlantahawks 102 away
detroitpistons 88 indianapacers 78 home
sacramentokings 102 goldenstatewarriors 80 away
losangeleslakers 96 losangelesclippers 92 home
portlandtrailblazers 99 memphisgrizzlies 87 away
minnesotatimberwolves 89 torontoraptors 81 home
neworleanspelicans 114 phoenixsuns 102 home
newyorkknicks 72 miamiheat 65 home
bostonceltics 100 philadelphiaSSers 99 away
sanantoniospurs 87 houstonrockets 82 home
utahjazz 106 brooklynnets 103 home
washingtonwizards 89 denvernuggets 74 home
orlandomagic 103 clevelandcavaliers 94 away
dallasmavericks 107 houstonrockets 86 home
sacramentokings 109 brooklynnets 102 home
portlandtrailblazers 112 atlantahawks 110 away
milwaukeebucks 106 bostonceltics 97 away
philadelphiaSSers 92 detroitpistons 83 away
indianapacers 101 torontoraptors 98 home
goldenstatewarriors 114 losangeleslakers 110 away
miamiheat 92 phoenixsuns 85 home
minnesotatimberwolves 96 oklahomacitythunder 91 home
neworleanspelicans 103 washingtonwizards 94 home
newyorkknicks 97 denvernuggets 88 home
orlandomagic 94 chicagobulls 91 home
memphisgrizzlies 98 sanantoniospurs 93 away
losangelesclippers 96 utahjazz 89 away
goldenstatewarriors 105 brooklynnets 97 home
sacramentokings 104 memphisgrizzlies 98 away
dallasmavericks 107 philadelphiaSSers 94 away
atlantahawks 115 sacramentokings 104 home
bostonceltics 77 denvernuggets 58 home
chicagobulls 104 washingtonwizards 97 home
detroitpistons 98 houstonrockets 74 away
indianapacers 93 oklahomacitythunder 80 home
brooklynnets 89 losangeleslakers 83 away
minnesotatimberwolves 88 losangelesclippers 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 97 neworleanspelicans 96 away
dallasmavericks 101 newyorkknicks 90 away
phoenixsuns 110 orlandomagic 107 away
sanantoniospurs 91 utahjazz 90 away
atlantahawks 102 clevelandcavaliers 101 away
goldenstatewarriors 108 utahjazz 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 95 memphisgrizzlies 83 away
philadelphiaSSers 97 miamiheat 91 away
milwaukeebucks 88 denvernuggets 75 home
sanantoniospurs 108 detroitpistons 76 home
minnesotatimberwolves 97 washingtonwizards 89 away
bostonceltics 91 orlandomagic 83 home
chicagobulls 100 houstonrockets 98 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 dallasmavericks 93 away
indianapacers 108 losangelesclippers 101 home
newyorkknicks 106 phoenixsuns 98 home
torontoraptors 101 sacramentokings 97 home
clevelandcavaliers 104 losangelesclippers 100 home
brooklynnets 92 denvernuggets 66 away
houstonrockets 100 memphisgrizzlies 95 away
indianapacers 102 miamiheat 95 away
minnesotatimberwolves 106 sanantoniospurs 95 home
milwaukeebucks 108 neworleanspelicans 93 away
washingtonwizards 98 phoenixsuns 93 home
detroitpistons 86 bostonceltics 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 108 milwaukeebucks 81 away
newyorkknicks 103 atlantahawks 98 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 denvernuggets 92 home
utahjazz 102 sacramentokings 92 away
oklahomacitythunder 91 goldenstatewarriors 88 home
dallasmavericks 104 houstonrockets 81 away
sanantoniospurs 106 indianapacers 97 away
losangelesclippers 77 chicagobulls 75 home
miamiheat 82 newyorkknicks 80 home
brooklynnets 86 washingtonwizards 78 home
neworleanspelicans 104 torontoraptors 83 home
orlandomagic 113 clevelandcavaliers 108 home
atlantahawks 97 philadelphiaSSers 83 away
losangeleslakers 99 phoenixsuns 90 away
utahjazz 95 portlandtrailblazers 71 home
dallasmavericks 112 minnesotatimberwolves 109 home
milwaukeebucks 97 washingtonwizards 90 home
sacramentokings 95 oklahomacitythunder 77 away
atlantahawks 96 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
detroitpistons 118 bostonceltics 66 away
houstonrockets 121 minnesotatimberwolves 101 home
phoenixsuns 98 losangelesclippers 92 away
newyorkknicks 108 memphisgrizzlies 102 away
brooklynnets 89 neworleanspelicans 72 home
sanantoniospurs 109 orlandomagic 108 away
philadelphiaSSers 104 miamiheat 99 home
portlandtrailblazers 107 chicagobulls 94 home
losangeleslakers 124 sacramentokings 113 away
torontoraptors 102 indianapacers 90 home
utahjazz 102 goldenstatewarriors 94 home
dallasmavericks 122 denvernuggets 100 home
detroitpistons 106 brooklynnets 84 home
indianapacers 109 bostonceltics 100 home
losangeleslakers 99 utahjazz 87 home
sanantoniospurs 67 miamiheat 65 away
milwaukeebucks 107 newyorkknicks 100 home
phoenixsuns 116 goldenstatewarriors 107 home
oklahomacitythunder 90 chicagobulls 77 home
washingtonwizards 109 neworleanspelicans 104 home
atlantahawks 97 orlandomagic 89 home
portlandtrailblazers 114 clevelandcavaliers 95 away
denvernuggets 93 memphisgrizzlies 78 home
houstonrockets 105 sacramentokings 89 home
minnesotatimberwolves 99 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
torontoraptors 100 losangelesclippers 86 home
goldenstatewarriors 101 memphisgrizzlies 91 home
miamiheat 99 atlantahawks 79 home
brooklynnets 109 oklahomacitythunder 108 home
neworleanspelicans 103 bostonceltics 96 home
phoenixsuns 115 chicagobulls 111 home
dallasmavericks 92 utahjazz 90 away
sacramentokings 110 dallasmavericks 109 away
denvernuggets 102 chicagobulls 100 home
losangeleslakers 97 indianapacers 94 away
torontoraptors 98 milwaukeebucks 95 away
minnesotatimberwolves 103 houstonrockets 89 home
newyorkknicks 105 losangelesclippers 92 home
portlandtrailblazers 96 orlandomagic 89 away
washingtonwizards 93 clevelandcavaliers 84 home
bostonceltics 114 oklahomacitythunder 74 home
clevelandcavaliers 105 houstonrockets 102 home
detroitpistons 89 losangelesclippers 80 home
sanantoniospurs 103 goldenstatewarriors 99 away
portlandtrailblazers 101 miamiheat 87 away
neworleanspelicans 108 sacramentokings 84 home
brooklynnets 111 philadelphiaSSers 85 away
utahjazz 105 memphisgrizzlies 84 home
sanantoniospurs 83 denvernuggets 74 away
milwaukeebucks 97 oklahomacitythunder 91 home
losangeleslakers 114 newyorkknicks 109 away
goldenstatewarriors 116 atlantahawks 113 away
detroitpistons 89 chicagobulls 79 away
utahjazz 103 houstonrockets 101 away
indianapacers 107 clevelandcavaliers 96 home
losangeleslakers 121 denvernuggets 93 home
neworleanspelicans 78 miamiheat 69 away
minnesotatimberwolves 100 dallasmavericks 98 home
orlandomagic 92 brooklynnets 83 home
losangelesclippers 107 phoenixsuns 106 away
sanantoniospurs 116 portlandtrailblazers 111 away
sacramentokings 99 washingtonwizards 80 home
bostonceltics 82 oklahomacitythunder 76 away
minnesotatimberwolves 102 clevelandcavaliers 91 away
losangeleslakers 113 denvernuggets 102 away
washingtonwizards 108 losangelesclippers 104 away
memphisgrizzlies 97 brooklynnets 90 home
milwaukeebucks 120 dallasmavericks 114 home
indianapacers 83 neworleanspelicans 72 away
goldenstatewarriors 113 newyorkknicks 107 away
philadelphiaSSers 119 chicagobulls 111 home
torontoraptors 97 atlantahawks 96 home
houstonrockets 106 utahjazz 76 away
detroitpistons 98 orlandomagic 88 home
bostonceltics 100 portlandtrailblazers 92 away
miamiheat 94 houstonrockets 82 away
indianapacers 98 atlantahawks 97 home
sanantoniospurs 103 losangeleslakers 95 away
dallasmavericks 110 memphisgrizzlies 103 away
milwaukeebucks 96 detroitpistons 86 home
minnesotatimberwolves 114 neworleanspelicans 93 home
brooklynnets 90 chicagobulls 72 home
philadelphiaSSers 99 orlandomagic 98 home
newyorkknicks 116 phoenixsuns 115 away
sacramentokings 110 oklahomacitythunder 81 home
goldenstatewarriors 118 torontoraptors 114 away
utahjazz 109 washingtonwizards 77 home
chicagobulls 88 denvernuggets 69 home
dallasmavericks 98 miamiheat 92 home
bostonceltics 92 losangelesclippers 84 away
portlandtrailblazers 101 oklahomacitythunder 96 home
atlantahawks 99 indianapacers 86 home
detroitpistons 90 clevelandcavaliers 75 away
newyorkknicks 117 losangeleslakers 110 away
memphisgrizzlies 101 milwaukeebucks 95 away
minnesotatimberwolves 109 goldenstatewarriors 102 home
philadelphiaSSers 90 brooklynnets 83 away
neworleanspelicans 100 denvernuggets 92 home
phoenixsuns 102 bostonceltics 92 home
sanantoniospurs 104 sacramentokings 101 away
torontoraptors 99 orlandomagic 97 home
detroitpistons 93 miamiheat 62 home
portlandtrailblazers 99 newyorkknicks 91 home
utahjazz 109 minnesotatimberwolves 97 home
dallasmavericks 105 atlantahawks 79 home
bostonceltics 125 goldenstatewarriors 117 away
losangeleslakers 106 houstonrockets 99 home
memphisgrizzlies 108 indianapacers 103 home
brooklynnets 84 miamiheat 79 home
orlandomagic 99 neworleanspelicans 94 home
sacramentokings 102 milwaukeebucks 93 home
sanantoniospurs 101 denvernuggets 76 home
chicagobulls 107 clevelandcavaliers 101 away
philadelphiaSSers 110 chicagobulls 82 away
minnesotatimberwolves 85 denvernuggets 77 away
losangelesclippers 110 milwaukeebucks 104 home
neworleanspelicans 87 washingtonwizards 75 home
houstonrockets 107 phoenixsuns 89 away
portlandtrailblazers 125 goldenstatewarriors 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 newyorkknicks 94 home
detroitpistons 89 torontoraptors 84 away
losangeleslakers 93 utahjazz 87 away
dallasmavericks 95 sanantoniospurs 87 home
brooklynnets 98 indianapacers 91 home
sacramentokings 105 bostonceltics 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 119 clevelandcavaliers 99 away
goldenstatewarriors 111 newyorkknicks 107 home
dallasmavericks 100 houstonrockets 85 away
losangeleslakers 92 portlandtrailblazers 84 home
minnesotatimberwolves 103 detroitpistons 96 home
neworleanspelicans 125 memphisgrizzlies 123 home
orlandomagic 110 chicagobulls 96 home
oklahomacitythunder 88 milwaukeebucks 58 home
torontoraptors 92 phoenixsuns 89 home
washingtonwizards 89 brooklynnets 86 home
neworleanspelicans 93 detroitpistons 91 away
houstonrockets 93 memphisgrizzlies 82 home
atlantahawks 89 losangelesclippers 87 away
miamiheat 100 chicagobulls 90 home
milwaukeebucks 93 portlandtrailblazers 90 away
sanantoniospurs 105 indianapacers 96 home
utahjazz 99 denvernuggets 89 home
goldenstatewarriors 115 atlantahawks 93 home
losangeleslakers 106 oklahomacitythunder 101 home
minnesotatimberwolves 99 phoenixsuns 97 home
orlandomagic 113 brooklynnets 105 away
philadelphiaSSers 116 clevelandcavaliers 103 home
sacramentokings 99 newyorkknicks 92 home
dallasmavericks 106 washingtonwizards 101 away
houstonrockets 101 bostonceltics 95 away
chicagobulls 90 phoenixsuns 87 home
goldenstatewarriors 94 denvernuggets 89 away
memphisgrizzlies 103 utahjazz 92 home
minnesotatimberwolves 117 milwaukeebucks 114 away
oklahomacitythunder 86 detroitpistons 79 home
clevelandcavaliers 93 brooklynnets 90 home
washingtonwizards 83 indianapacers 78 away
losangeleslakers 109 losangelesclippers 98 home
newyorkknicks 102 houstonrockets 95 home
orlandomagic 98 dallasmavericks 93 home
portlandtrailblazers 89 atlantahawks 86 home
sacramentokings 81 detroitpistons 75 home
sanantoniospurs 84 miamiheat 69 home
bostonceltics 71 indianapacers 69 home
chicagobulls 103 torontoraptors 95 home
portlandtrailblazers 94 denvernuggets 84 away
goldenstatewarriors 108 losangelesclippers 94 away
phoenixsuns 118 milwaukeebucks 112 away
minnesotatimberwolves 92 utahjazz 85 home
brooklynnets 105 newyorkknicks 76 home
neworleanspelicans 91 miamiheat 82 home
philadelphiaSSers 111 memphisgrizzlies 107 home
oklahomacitythunder 93 atlantahawks 76 home
sacramentokings 126 dallasmavericks 124 away
losangeleslakers 95 detroitpistons 85 home
washingtonwizards 100 houstonrockets 98 home
bostonceltics 90 torontoraptors 85 home
atlantahawks 110 chicagobulls 88 away
neworleanspelicans 94 denvernuggets 88 away
indianapacers 107 milwaukeebucks 98 home
memphisgrizzlies 126 miamiheat 116 home
minnesotatimberwolves 118 clevelandcavaliers 95 home
newyorkknicks 118 orlandomagic 110 home
philadelphiaSSers 104 utahjazz 83 home
portlandtrailblazers 109 losangelesclippers 103 home
oklahomacitythunder 107 losangeleslakers 90 home
dallasmavericks 114 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
goldenstatewarriors 92 detroitpistons 90 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 losangelesclippers 101 away
neworleanspelicans 97 phoenixsuns 92 away
sanantoniospurs 108 sacramentokings 100 home
washingtonwizards 101 chicagobulls 93 home
orlandomagic 102 clevelandcavaliers 76 away
philadelphiaSSers 100 denvernuggets 94 away
sanantoniospurs 97 houstonrockets 88 away
miamiheat 93 washingtonwizards 83 home
milwaukeebucks 120 atlantahawks 93 home
minnesotatimberwolves 99 newyorkknicks 90 home
utahjazz 91 brooklynnets 90 away
portlandtrailblazers 103 detroitpistons 86 home
torontoraptors 104 bostonceltics 92 home
orlandomagic 104 chicagobulls 89 away
neworleanspelicans 111 losangelesclippers 108 away
bostonceltics 111 memphisgrizzlies 110 away
sacramentokings 107 philadelphiaSSers 99 home
atlantahawks 92 denvernuggets 86 home
dallasmavericks 88 brooklynnets 79 home
detroitpistons 96 houstonrockets 83 home
goldenstatewarriors 107 indianapacers 100 home
milwaukeebucks 100 miamiheat 91 away
newyorkknicks 89 clevelandcavaliers 80 home
phoenixsuns 104 sanantoniospurs 97 away
oklahomacitythunder 92 minnesotatimberwolves 83 home
torontoraptors 89 washingtonwizards 86 away
bostonceltics 97 newyorkknicks 95 home
atlantahawks 111 clevelandcavaliers 105 away
losangeleslakers 97 indianapacers 95 home
memphisgrizzlies 96 denvernuggets 86 home
orlandomagic 111 milwaukeebucks 99 home
phoenixsuns 98 portlandtrailblazers 92 home
sacramentokings 96 minnesotatimberwolves 95 home
houstonrockets 97 torontoraptors 95 away
utahjazz 94 oklahomacitythunder 83 home
washingtonwizards 99 losangelesclippers 80 home
chicagobulls 119 goldenstatewarriors 105 home
philadelphiaSSers 88 portlandtrailblazers 60 away
sanantoniospurs 92 brooklynnets 78 home
bostonceltics 83 losangelesclippers 72 home
losangeleslakers 106 minnesotatimberwolves 96 home
dallasmavericks 91 miamiheat 89 away
neworleanspelicans 102 clevelandcavaliers 76 home
newyorkknicks 111 orlandomagic 102 away
philadelphiaSSers 108 oklahomacitythunder 99 away
sacramentokings 108 utahjazz 105 away
milwaukeebucks 85 washingtonwizards 82 away
torontoraptors 107 atlantahawks 98 away
losangelesclippers 103 chicagobulls 97 away
memphisgrizzlies 115 clevelandcavaliers 89 away
dallasmavericks 101 utahjazz 77 home
houstonrockets 83 brooklynnets 71 home
denvernuggets 98 miamiheat 92 away
milwaukeebucks 138 goldenstatewarriors 133 home
portlandtrailblazers 94 indianapacers 80 home
sanantoniospurs 94 bostonceltics 78 away
detroitpistons 107 goldenstatewarriors 105 home
losangeleslakers 106 philadelphiaSSers 92 home
brooklynnets 102 neworleanspelicans 92 away
newyorkknicks 97 washingtonwizards 96 home
orlandomagic 111 denvernuggets 98 home
minnesotatimberwolves 105 phoenixsuns 98 away
sacramentokings 107 indianapacers 88 home
memphisgrizzlies 119 torontoraptors 106 away
atlantahawks 95 losangelesclippers 86 home
minnesotatimberwolves 92 dallasmavericks 83 away
utahjazz 83 miamiheat 73 away
chicagobulls 116 losangeleslakers 99 home
miamiheat 77 clevelandcavaliers 75 away
denvernuggets 95 torontoraptors 87 home
goldenstatewarriors 113 phoenixsuns 98 home
neworleanspelicans 81 indianapacers 71 away
sanantoniospurs 105 milwaukeebucks 102 away
memphisgrizzlies 87 newyorkknicks 85 away
portlandtrailblazers 92 oklahomacitythunder 77 away
washingtonwizards 106 orlandomagic 105 home
atlantahawks 111 milwaukeebucks 92 home
bostonceltics 93 neworleanspelicans 65 home
detroitpistons 111 losangeleslakers 88 home
houstonrockets 118 losangelesclippers 114 home
memphisgrizzlies 124 chicagobulls 95 home
sanantoniospurs 111 minnesotatimberwolves 99 away
utahjazz 111 orlandomagic 108 away
philadelphiaSSers 96 indianapacers 93 home
portlandtrailblazers 125 torontoraptors 103 home
brooklynnets 90 bostonceltics 75 home
phoenixsuns 109 sacramentokings 84 home
oklahomacitythunder 107 dallasmavericks 100 home
atlantahawks 107 newyorkknicks 104 home
detroitpistons 90 washingtonwizards 80 home
dallasmavericks 116 goldenstatewarriors 114 away
houstonrockets 121 chicagobulls 91 home
indianapacers 101 utahjazz 81 home
neworleanspelicans 87 miamiheat 83 away
losangeleslakers 106 minnesotatimberwolves 99 away
philadelphiaSSers 90 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
sacramentokings 119 torontoraptors 84 home
sanantoniospurs 107 losangelesclippers 96 home
bostonceltics 81 detroitpistons 71 away
losangeleslakers 98 milwaukeebucks 94 away
orlandomagic 96 neworleanspelicans 86 home
goldenstatewarriors 94 oklahomacitythunder 88 away
washingtonwizards 89 miamiheat 82 home
clevelandcavaliers 122 utahjazz 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 92 denvernuggets 84 away
houstonrockets 85 phoenixsuns 75 home
losangelesclippers 111 torontoraptors 110 home
memphisgrizzlies 124 atlantahawks 92 home
minnesotatimberwolves 111 portlandtrailblazers 95 home
philadelphiaSSers 92 brooklynnets 87 away
newyorkknicks 120 milwaukeebucks 111 home
dallasmavericks 129 sacramentokings 123 away
sanantoniospurs 108 chicagobulls 97 home
portlandtrailblazers 95 indianapacers 88 away
losangeleslakers 102 losangelesclippers 85 home
phoenixsuns 95 torontoraptors 91 home
brooklynnets 87 bostonceltics 74 away
chicagobulls 103 atlantahawks 78 home
dallasmavericks 114 clevelandcavaliers 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 103 miamiheat 83 away
minnesotatimberwolves 96 memphisgrizzlies 80 home
sacramentokings 117 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
newyorkknicks 105 sanantoniospurs 97 away
oklahomacitythunder 100 houstonrockets 94 home
utahjazz 99 denvernuggets 81 home
detroitpistons 94 washingtonwizards 90 away
goldenstatewarriors 105 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
indianapacers 102 bostonceltics 72 home
losangelesclippers 91 denvernuggets 78 home
memphisgrizzlies 128 clevelandcavaliers 101 home
milwaukeebucks 104 brooklynnets 85 away
neworleanspelicans 101 newyorkknicks 96 home
orlandomagic 109 miamiheat 93 home
utahjazz 99 phoenixsuns 86 away
portlandtrailblazers 94 houstonrockets 83 home
torontoraptors 87 atlantahawks 86 home
sanantoniospurs 112 dallasmavericks 110 away
detroitpistons 113 philadelphiaSSers 85 home
sacramentokings 107 losangeleslakers 99 home
houstonrockets 117 goldenstatewarriors 107 away
indianapacers 101 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
losangeleslakers 104 bostonceltics 96 home
miamiheat 107 torontoraptors 98 home
neworleanspelicans 113 milwaukeebucks 98 home
newyorkknicks 97 detroitpistons 93 home
orlandomagic 109 clevelandcavaliers 85 home
atlantahawks 114 philadelphiaSSers 105 away
phoenixsuns 109 washingtonwizards 83 home
minnesotatimberwolves 101 sanantoniospurs 94 away
oklahomacitythunder 101 denvernuggets 99 home
atlantahawks 92 indianapacers 89 home
chicagobulls 100 newyorkknicks 98 home
dallasmavericks 102 phoenixsuns 95 home
denvernuggets 90 bostonceltics 80 home
milwaukeebucks 93 neworleanspelicans 85 home
brooklynnets 107 memphisgrizzlies 99 home
sacramentokings 113 portlandtrailblazers 104 away
utahjazz 88 losangelesclippers 73 home
clevelandcavaliers 93 brooklynnets 88 home
detroitpistons 105 chicagobulls 82 home
goldenstatewarriors 113 washingtonwizards 107 home
orlandomagic 96 miamiheat 74 away
sacramentokings 109 houstonrockets 108 home
sanantoniospurs 98 losangeleslakers 89 home
philadelphiaSSers 112 torontoraptors 95 away
dallasmavericks 108 denvernuggets 96 away
houstonrockets 108 losangelesclippers 90 away
newyorkknicks 100 torontoraptors 90 home
memphisgrizzlies 110 orlandomagic 104 away
oklahomacitythunder 82 phoenixsuns 73 away
utahjazz 96 bostonceltics 91 home
minnesotatimberwolves 108 miamiheat 91 home
washingtonwizards 95 portlandtrailblazers 91 away
sanantoniospurs 107 milwaukeebucks 94 home
losangeleslakers 108 atlantahawks 91 away
clevelandcavaliers 124 goldenstatewarriors 103 home
goldenstatewarriors 107 bostonceltics 95 away
chicagobulls 82 miamiheat 74 home
denvernuggets 108 milwaukeebucks 103 home
detroitpistons 102 atlantahawks 99 home
losangeleslakers 96 houstonrockets 93 away
philadelphiaSSers 91 indianapacers 85 away
dallasmavericks 114 losangelesclippers 107 away
phoenixsuns 101 memphisgrizzlies 99 away
brooklynnets 101 newyorkknicks 95 home
orlandomagic 97 neworleanspelicans 95 away
washingtonwizards 80 oklahomacitythunder 74 away
torontoraptors 89 clevelandcavaliers 83 home
utahjazz 94 portlandtrailblazers 85 home
orlandomagic 110 minnesotatimberwolves 107 home
sacramentokings 93 losangelesclippers 83 home
sanantoniospurs 98 houstonrockets 85 home
bostonceltics 104 clevelandcavaliers 95 home
phoenixsuns 94 detroitpistons 91 away
indianapacers 140 chicagobulls 89 home
losangeleslakers 108 washingtonwizards 94 home
miamiheat 111 minnesotatimberwolves 84 home
brooklynnets 122 newyorkknicks 101 away
goldenstatewarriors 102 philadelphiaSSers 98 away
portlandtrailblazers 112 dallasmavericks 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 95 memphisgrizzlies 71 home
neworleanspelicans 101 torontoraptors 92 away
utahjazz 103 milwaukeebucks 90 home
philadelphiaSSers 110 atlantahawks 89 away
sacramentokings 107 chicagobulls 92 away
bostonceltics 110 clevelandcavaliers 106 away
houstonrockets 102 denvernuggets 89 home
brooklynnets 109 goldenstatewarriors 97 home
sanantoniospurs 101 utahjazz 81 home
denvernuggets 88 washingtonwizards 72 home
detroitpistons 99 sacramentokings 88 home
indianapacers 92 phoenixsuns 81 home
losangelesclippers 102 memphisgrizzlies 100 home
milwaukeebucks 109 miamiheat 87 home
dallasmavericks 119 minnesotatimberwolves 95 away
sanantoniospurs 92 neworleanspelicans 90 away
oklahomacitythunder 119 losangeleslakers 98 home
torontoraptors 95 newyorkknicks 86 home
losangeleslakers 110 memphisgrizzlies 94 home
milwaukeebucks 91 miamiheat 86 away
brooklynnets 110 houstonrockets 86 home
philadelphiaSSers 118 orlandomagic 113 away
oklahomacitythunder 101 chicagobulls 94 away
dallasmavericks 95 neworleanspelicans 86 home
sacramentokings 103 indianapacers 98 away
utahjazz 94 losangelesclippers 89 away
phoenixsuns 95 denvernuggets 65 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 goldenstatewarriors 86 home
sanantoniospurs 118 orlandomagic 105 home
detroitpistons 92 torontoraptors 85 away
bostonceltics 90 miamiheat 62 home
indianapacers 103 clevelandcavaliers 82 away
newyorkknicks 83 denvernuggets 75 away
torontoraptors 89 detroitpistons 78 away
sanantoniospurs 105 memphisgrizzlies 87 away
milwaukeebucks 106 houstonrockets 99 home
minnesotatimberwolves 91 oklahomacitythunder 86 home
neworleanspelicans 106 brooklynnets 97 home
philadelphiaSSers 108 chicagobulls 101 home
sacramentokings 105 washingtonwizards 99 away
atlantahawks 91 washingtonwizards 89 home
losangeleslakers 100 dallasmavericks 89 away
utahjazz 93 portlandtrailblazers 88 away
sacramentokings 93 bostonceltics 92 away
indianapacers 98 detroitpistons 92 away
portlandtrailblazers 122 goldenstatewarriors 100 away
losangeleslakers 102 memphisgrizzlies 101 away
milwaukeebucks 95 clevelandcavaliers 93 home
brooklynnets 99 miamiheat 83 home
houstonrockets 88 philadelphiaSSers 79 away
oklahomacitythunder 101 losangelesclippers 93 home
sanantoniospurs 124 torontoraptors 98 away
newyorkknicks 94 utahjazz 92 away
atlantahawks 97 memphisgrizzlies 91 home
chicagobulls 117 milwaukeebucks 115 home
clevelandcavaliers 79 neworleanspelicans 76 home
dallasmavericks 108 orlandomagic 90 home
losangelesclippers 109 newyorkknicks 98 home
phoenixsuns 111 minnesotatimberwolves 94 home
washingtonwizards 99 bostonceltics 98 away
sanantoniospurs 89 detroitpistons 83 away
goldenstatewarriors 106 denvernuggets 99 home
houstonrockets 114 orlandomagic 93 home
indianapacers 90 miamiheat 69 home
losangeleslakers 115 phoenixsuns 113 home
sacramentokings 97 philadelphiaSSers 81 away
minnesotatimberwolves 97 portlandtrailblazers 78 away
oklahomacitythunder 82 utahjazz 80 home
brooklynnets 96 torontoraptors 87 away
chicagobulls 115 indianapacers 103 home
washingtonwizards 100 clevelandcavaliers 91 away
phoenixsuns 98 denvernuggets 78 away
goldenstatewarriors 128 utahjazz 102 home
portlandtrailblazers 81 houstonrockets 66 away
losangeleslakers 108 dallasmavericks 99 home
memphisgrizzlies 111 losangelesclippers 108 home
miamiheat 89 torontoraptors 83 home
newyorkknicks 99 atlantahawks 95 home
philadelphiaSSers 91 detroitpistons 74 home
sacramentokings 107 oklahomacitythunder 85 home
atlantahawks 97 brooklynnets 92 home
detroitpistons 111 chicagobulls 102 home
milwaukeebucks 112 losangelesclippers 92 home
neworleanspelicans 100 clevelandcavaliers 81 home
orlandomagic 88 torontoraptors 82 home
phoenixsuns 112 dallasmavericks 89 home
sanantoniospurs 84 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
oklahomacitythunder 100 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
utahjazz 94 houstonrockets 73 home
bostonceltics 87 washingtonwizards 83 away
philadelphiaSSers 99 bostonceltics 78 away
losangeleslakers 117 sacramentokings 104 home
atlantahawks 109 clevelandcavaliers 89 home
chicagobulls 95 brooklynnets 86 home
orlandomagic 98 indianapacers 86 away
memphisgrizzlies 96 portlandtrailblazers 93 home
washingtonwizards 91 miamiheat 87 away
minnesotatimberwolves 106 losangelesclippers 90 home
neworleanspelicans 93 detroitpistons 89 home
newyorkknicks 108 philadelphiaSSers 103 home
phoenixsuns 117 goldenstatewarriors 101 home
sacramentokings 105 denvernuggets 103 home
sanantoniospurs 94 oklahomacitythunder 86 home
milwaukeebucks 105 torontoraptors 103 away
utahjazz 95 dallasmavericks 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 104 newyorkknicks 99 home
dallasmavericks 117 goldenstatewarriors 108 home
losangelesclippers 101 denvernuggets 79 away
houstonrockets 101 oklahomacitythunder 86 home
brooklynnets 94 torontoraptors 86 home
orlandomagic 89 bostonceltics 86 home
atlantahawks 101 washingtonwizards 100 away
detroitpistons 110 memphisgrizzlies 107 away
bostonceltics 94 miamiheat 86 away
milwaukeebucks 107 indianapacers 98 home
minnesotatimberwolves 119 chicagobulls 95 home
neworleanspelicans 94 philadelphiaSSers 89 away
phoenixsuns 92 sanantoniospurs 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 101 losangeleslakers 99 home
atlantahawks 100 orlandomagic 84 home
dallasmavericks 109 oklahomacitythunder 106 home
detroitpistons 89 clevelandcavaliers 88 home
losangelesclippers 122 goldenstatewarriors 113 away
neworleanspelicans 87 brooklynnets 74 away
sanantoniospurs 91 utahjazz 83 away
newyorkknicks 93 washingtonwizards 79 away
chicagobulls 115 philadelphiaSSers 106 home
houstonrockets 97 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
losangeleslakers 126 denvernuggets 104 home
indianapacers 109 newyorkknicks 93 away
portlandtrailblazers 120 phoenixsuns 102 home
miamiheat 103 torontoraptors 99 away
bostonceltics 99 detroitpistons 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 96 torontoraptors 86 home
houstonrockets 89 denvernuggets 84 away
losangeleslakers 117 goldenstatewarriors 111 away
indianapacers 90 brooklynnets 83 home
losangelesclippers 107 portlandtrailblazers 93 home
minnesotatimberwolves 95 memphisgrizzlies 87 away
milwaukeebucks 93 orlandomagic 87 home
neworleanspelicans 92 atlantahawks 77 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 washingtonwizards 87 home
sacramentokings 95 utahjazz 84 home
dallasmavericks 93 sanantoniospurs 72 away
oklahomacitythunder 84 phoenixsuns 70 home
playoffs
dallasmavericks 96 portlandtrailblazers 86 home
bostonceltics 103 indianapacers 100 away
brooklynnets 109 milwaukeebucks 96 home
sacramentokings 96 utahjazz 90 home
phoenixsuns 96 sanantoniospurs 95 away
orlandomagic 99 detroitpistons 94 away
losangeleslakers 117 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
philadelphiaSSers 98 neworleanspelicans 90 home
indianapacers 89 bostonceltics 77 home
sacramentokings 108 utahjazz 95 home
sanantoniospurs 84 phoenixsuns 76 home
minnesotatimberwolves 119 losangeleslakers 91 home
milwaukeebucks 88 brooklynnets 85 away
dallasmavericks 103 portlandtrailblazers 99 home
detroitpistons 89 orlandomagic 77 home
philadelphiaSSers 90 neworleanspelicans 85 home
bostonceltics 101 indianapacers 83 home
minnesotatimberwolves 114 losangeleslakers 110 away
brooklynnets 103 milwaukeebucks 101 away
orlandomagic 89 detroitpistons 80 home
sanantoniospurs 99 phoenixsuns 86 away
dallasmavericks 115 portlandtrailblazers 103 away
milwaukeebucks 119 brooklynnets 114 home
neworleanspelicans 99 philadelphiaSSers 85 home
utahjazz 107 sacramentokings 104 home
bostonceltics 102 indianapacers 92 home
losangeleslakers 102 minnesotatimberwolves 97 home
orlandomagic 100 detroitpistons 92 home
phoenixsuns 86 sanantoniospurs 84 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 dallasmavericks 79 home
philadelphiaSSers 96 neworleanspelicans 87 away
sacramentokings 99 utahjazz 82 away
indianapacers 93 bostonceltics 88 home
losangeleslakers 120 minnesotatimberwolves 90 away
brooklynnets 89 milwaukeebucks 82 home
sanantoniospurs 94 phoenixsuns 82 home
portlandtrailblazers 103 dallasmavericks 99 away
detroitpistons 98 orlandomagic 67 home
neworleanspelicans 93 philadelphiaSSers 91 away
sacramentokings 111 utahjazz 91 home
bostonceltics 110 indianapacers 90 home
losangeleslakers 101 minnesotatimberwolves 85 home
brooklynnets 113 milwaukeebucks 101 away
sanantoniospurs 87 phoenixsuns 85 away
philadelphiaSSers 107 neworleanspelicans 103 away
detroitpistons 103 orlandomagic 88 away
portlandtrailblazers 125 dallasmavericks 103 home
dallasmavericks 107 portlandtrailblazers 95 home
detroitpistons 108 orlandomagic 93 home
brooklynnets 97 bostonceltics 93 home
sanantoniospurs 87 losangeleslakers 82 home
sacramentokings 124 dallasmavericks 113 away
detroitpistons 98 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
brooklynnets 104 bostonceltics 95 home
sanantoniospurs 114 losangeleslakers 95 home
dallasmavericks 132 sacramentokings 110 home
detroitpistons 104 philadelphiaSSers 97 home
brooklynnets 94 bostonceltics 76 away
losangeleslakers 110 sanantoniospurs 95 home
philadelphiaSSers 93 detroitpistons 83 home
dallasmavericks 141 sacramentokings 137 away
losangeleslakers 99 sanantoniospurs 95 home
philadelphiaSSers 95 detroitpistons 82 home
sacramentokings 99 dallasmavericks 83 home
brooklynnets 110 bostonceltics 101 away
dallasmavericks 112 sacramentokings 93 home
sanantoniospurs 96 losangeleslakers 94 home
detroitpistons 78 philadelphiaSSers 77 home
sanantoniospurs 110 losangeleslakers 82 away
sacramentokings 115 dallasmavericks 109 home
detroitpistons 93 philadelphiaSSers 89 away
dallasmavericks 112 sacramentokings 99 home
brooklynnets 76 detroitpistons 74 away
dallasmavericks 113 sanantoniospurs 110 away
brooklynnets 88 detroitpistons 86 away
sanantoniospurs 119 dallasmavericks 106 home
brooklynnets 97 detroitpistons 85 home
sanantoniospurs 96 dallasmavericks 83 away
brooklynnets 102 detroitpistons 82 home
sanantoniospurs 102 dallasmavericks 95 away
dallasmavericks 103 sanantoniospurs 91 away
sanantoniospurs 90 dallasmavericks 78 away
sanantoniospurs 101 brooklynnets 89 home
brooklynnets 87 sanantoniospurs 85 away
sanantoniospurs 84 brooklynnets 79 away
brooklynnets 77 sanantoniospurs 76 home
sanantoniospurs 93 brooklynnets 83 away
sanantoniospurs 88 brooklynnets 77 home
yearEnd
losangeleslakers 109 dallasmavericks 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 89 miamiheat 74 home
sanantoniospurs 83 phoenixsuns 82 home
bostonceltics 98 miamiheat 75 home
washingtonwizards 99 chicagobulls 74 away
denvernuggets 80 sanantoniospurs 72 home
indianapacers 89 detroitpistons 87 away
dallasmavericks 95 goldenstatewarriors 87 away
minnesotatimberwolves 95 milwaukeebucks 89 home
neworleanspelicans 88 atlantahawks 83 home
orlandomagic 85 newyorkknicks 83 away
sacramentokings 106 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
torontoraptors 90 brooklynnets 87 home
utahjazz 99 portlandtrailblazers 92 home
houstonrockets 102 denvernuggets 85 home
neworleanspelicans 100 orlandomagic 98 away
phoenixsuns 95 clevelandcavaliers 86 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 losangelesclippers 100 home
chicagobulls 100 atlantahawks 94 home
milwaukeebucks 93 indianapacers 79 away
oklahomacitythunder 124 losangelesclippers 105 away
bostonceltics 93 memphisgrizzlies 91 away
detroitpistons 93 miamiheat 81 away
brooklynnets 84 minnesotatimberwolves 61 home
sacramentokings 100 philadelphiaSSers 89 home
torontoraptors 82 washingtonwizards 79 home
indianapacers 103 atlantahawks 99 away
dallasmavericks 127 utahjazz 102 home
denvernuggets 109 sacramentokings 88 home
goldenstatewarriors 104 philadelphiaSSers 90 home
memphisgrizzlies 79 houstonrockets 71 away
milwaukeebucks 98 chicagobulls 68 home
minnesotatimberwolves 73 torontoraptors 56 home
neworleanspelicans 97 bostonceltics 90 home
detroitpistons 96 orlandomagic 85 away
losangeleslakers 103 phoenixsuns 99 away
portlandtrailblazers 104 clevelandcavaliers 85 home
sanantoniospurs 86 newyorkknicks 74 home
brooklynnets 98 washingtonwizards 85 away
losangeleslakers 87 goldenstatewarriors 72 home
atlantahawks 90 neworleanspelicans 80 home
houstonrockets 98 chicagobulls 66 away
dallasmavericks 103 miamiheat 93 home
memphisgrizzlies 88 sanantoniospurs 80 home
newyorkknicks 75 orlandomagic 68 away
philadelphiaSSers 94 portlandtrailblazers 83 away
utahjazz 93 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
indianapacers 71 denvernuggets 60 home
losangeleslakers 113 milwaukeebucks 107 away
houstonrockets 86 brooklynnets 75 away
sanantoniospurs 80 miamiheat 73 home
denvernuggets 93 clevelandcavaliers 89 away
detroitpistons 96 bostonceltics 88 home
goldenstatewarriors 99 atlantahawks 72 home
sacramentokings 125 minnesotatimberwolves 121 away
milwaukeebucks 106 newyorkknicks 90 away
chicagobulls 106 orlandomagic 100 away
neworleanspelicans 106 philadelphiaSSers 99 away
portlandtrailblazers 93 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
utahjazz 91 phoenixsuns 80 home
washingtonwizards 100 dallasmavericks 90 home
indianapacers 87 brooklynnets 81 away
losangeleslakers 120 sanantoniospurs 117 away
torontoraptors 77 dallasmavericks 71 home
brooklynnets 94 bostonceltics 87 away
philadelphiaSSers 106 chicagobulls 85 away
losangelesclippers 104 denvernuggets 102 away
detroitpistons 105 milwaukeebucks 99 home
goldenstatewarriors 95 utahjazz 89 home
indianapacers 91 clevelandcavaliers 90 home
neworleanspelicans 114 losangeleslakers 95 home
newyorkknicks 114 sacramentokings 111 home
minnesotatimberwolves 100 orlandomagic 71 away
phoenixsuns 96 memphisgrizzlies 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 100 portlandtrailblazers 82 home
washingtonwizards 86 torontoraptors 60 home
clevelandcavaliers 111 washingtonwizards 98 home
houstonrockets 96 orlandomagic 86 home
minnesotatimberwolves 88 miamiheat 79 away
milwaukeebucks 90 newyorkknicks 87 home
chicagobulls 109 neworleanspelicans 106 away
portlandtrailblazers 90 atlantahawks 83 home
dallasmavericks 81 sanantoniospurs 78 away
utahjazz 96 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
bostonceltics 91 sacramentokings 82 home
detroitpistons 98 brooklynnets 84 home
indianapacers 85 philadelphiaSSers 74 away
atlantahawks 91 oklahomacitythunder 81 away
torontoraptors 89 denvernuggets 76 home
denvernuggets 105 chicagobulls 97 away
clevelandcavaliers 94 newyorkknicks 80 home
phoenixsuns 99 goldenstatewarriors 96 away
memphisgrizzlies 105 losangeleslakers 95 home
sanantoniospurs 87 utahjazz 78 home
dallasmavericks 125 neworleanspelicans 97 home
houstonrockets 90 miamiheat 70 home
bostonceltics 78 indianapacers 76 away
losangelesclippers 115 atlantahawks 103 home
oklahomacitythunder 89 minnesotatimberwolves 87 away
portlandtrailblazers 83 torontoraptors 80 home
sacramentokings 97 detroitpistons 91 home
philadelphiaSSers 112 washingtonwizards 105 away
chicagobulls 89 bostonceltics 82 away
goldenstatewarriors 87 detroitpistons 85 home
losangeleslakers 94 torontoraptors 79 home
miamiheat 88 clevelandcavaliers 83 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 milwaukeebucks 99 away
sanantoniospurs 85 brooklynnets 71 away
neworleanspelicans 96 utahjazz 89 home
memphisgrizzlies 107 orlandomagic 97 away
atlantahawks 99 phoenixsuns 94 away
minnesotatimberwolves 92 chicagobulls 89 away
dallasmavericks 97 houstonrockets 86 home
portlandtrailblazers 112 sacramentokings 110 home
bostonceltics 91 clevelandcavaliers 82 home
denvernuggets 106 orlandomagic 101 home
losangelesclippers 104 goldenstatewarriors 98 away
houstonrockets 90 phoenixsuns 85 home
indianapacers 101 oklahomacitythunder 78 home
losangeleslakers 94 detroitpistons 89 home
miamiheat 105 washingtonwizards 101 home
utahjazz 85 minnesotatimberwolves 77 away
brooklynnets 85 newyorkknicks 80 home
philadelphiaSSers 100 sanantoniospurs 96 home
sacramentokings 94 torontoraptors 64 home
brooklynnets 100 atlantahawks 85 away
oklahomacitythunder 98 chicagobulls 90 away
clevelandcavaliers 91 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
losangelesclippers 95 orlandomagic 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 108 dallasmavericks 101 home
milwaukeebucks 100 utahjazz 95 home
neworleanspelicans 101 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
indianapacers 95 newyorkknicks 94 away
detroitpistons 100 phoenixsuns 91 away
sanantoniospurs 95 washingtonwizards 71 away
losangeleslakers 99 miamiheat 77 home
sacramentokings 106 goldenstatewarriors 104 home
torontoraptors 101 houstonrockets 97 home
washingtonwizards 106 atlantahawks 97 away
dallasmavericks 105 portlandtrailblazers 98 home
newyorkknicks 89 bostonceltics 86 home
houstonrockets 74 philadelphiaSSers 66 away
utahjazz 90 orlandomagic 88 home
clevelandcavaliers 103 losangelesclippers 95 home
detroitpistons 106 losangeleslakers 96 home
atlantahawks 101 milwaukeebucks 93 away
minnesotatimberwolves 89 denvernuggets 76 home
neworleanspelicans 88 brooklynnets 85 away
phoenixsuns 95 chicagobulls 82 home
sanantoniospurs 94 goldenstatewarriors 81 home
miamiheat 105 oklahomacitythunder 98 away
neworleanspelicans 81 bostonceltics 73 away
denvernuggets 94 milwaukeebucks 86 home
houstonrockets 85 goldenstatewarriors 83 home
indianapacers 91 losangelesclippers 78 home
detroitpistons 99 memphisgrizzlies 92 away
losangeleslakers 104 newyorkknicks 83 away
portlandtrailblazers 94 miamiheat 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 81 torontoraptors 75 away
sacramentokings 118 utahjazz 110 away
washingtonwizards 106 clevelandcavaliers 95 home
dallasmavericks 95 sanantoniospurs 92 home
phoenixsuns 96 orlandomagic 89 home
minnesotatimberwolves 97 clevelandcavaliers 83 away
denvernuggets 108 washingtonwizards 87 home
detroitpistons 94 newyorkknicks 85 home
goldenstatewarriors 101 miamiheat 91 home
losangeleslakers 101 chicagobulls 94 home
indianapacers 76 neworleanspelicans 75 away
philadelphiaSSers 87 bostonceltics 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 85 houstonrockets 78 home
sacramentokings 122 orlandomagic 92 home
sanantoniospurs 114 atlantahawks 75 home
memphisgrizzlies 98 oklahomacitythunder 97 away
utahjazz 99 milwaukeebucks 90 home
atlantahawks 92 clevelandcavaliers 83 home
dallasmavericks 115 denvernuggets 101 home
minnesotatimberwolves 103 losangelesclippers 91 home
torontoraptors 81 brooklynnets 80 away
newyorkknicks 99 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
phoenixsuns 100 miamiheat 98 home
neworleanspelicans 81 detroitpistons 80 away
goldenstatewarriors 78 portlandtrailblazers 72 home
losangeleslakers 121 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
sacramentokings 110 chicagobulls 99 home
oklahomacitythunder 88 washingtonwizards 85 home
milwaukeebucks 82 torontoraptors 62 away
detroitpistons 94 atlantahawks 89 away
newyorkknicks 94 bostonceltics 88 away
houstonrockets 105 losangelesclippers 90 away
indianapacers 89 orlandomagic 78 away
dallasmavericks 124 chicagobulls 98 home
denvernuggets 110 phoenixsuns 80 home
indianapacers 98 minnesotatimberwolves 75 home
miamiheat 91 neworleanspelicans 87 home
milwaukeebucks 95 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
washingtonwizards 81 portlandtrailblazers 80 away
sacramentokings 109 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
brooklynnets 93 oklahomacitythunder 70 away
torontoraptors 99 atlantahawks 97 away
losangeleslakers 120 washingtonwizards 99 home
newyorkknicks 97 minnesotatimberwolves 92 away
neworleanspelicans 82 clevelandcavaliers 72 home
bostonceltics 94 orlandomagic 92 away
philadelphiaSSers 90 detroitpistons 86 home
phoenixsuns 121 dallasmavericks 90 home
sanantoniospurs 109 chicagobulls 98 home
utahjazz 83 houstonrockets 76 home
indianapacers 93 newyorkknicks 70 home
brooklynnets 102 losangelesclippers 96 away
atlantahawks 95 miamiheat 83 home
bostonceltics 106 milwaukeebucks 96 home
denvernuggets 113 dallasmavericks 103 home
detroitpistons 92 clevelandcavaliers 88 home
indianapacers 90 philadelphiaSSers 77 home
losangeleslakers 103 sanantoniospurs 87 home
minnesotatimberwolves 102 memphisgrizzlies 98 away
torontoraptors 87 orlandomagic 86 away
goldenstatewarriors 92 phoenixsuns 83 away
portlandtrailblazers 97 brooklynnets 93 home
sacramentokings 103 houstonrockets 74 home
utahjazz 98 oklahomacitythunder 81 home
memphisgrizzlies 122 clevelandcavaliers 115 away
dallasmavericks 92 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
goldenstatewarriors 91 sanantoniospurs 89 home
denvernuggets 98 losangelesclippers 86 away
miamiheat 78 torontoraptors 66 home
milwaukeebucks 100 bostonceltics 94 home
newyorkknicks 79 neworleanspelicans 74 home
philadelphiaSSers 98 atlantahawks 86 home
oklahomacitythunder 95 houstonrockets 88 home
detroitpistons 80 washingtonwizards 69 away
losangeleslakers 99 indianapacers 77 home
sacramentokings 105 brooklynnets 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 96 bostonceltics 89 away
chicagobulls 97 milwaukeebucks 87 home
losangelesclippers 91 sanantoniospurs 83 home
detroitpistons 79 newyorkknicks 78 away
indianapacers 89 phoenixsuns 82 away
utahjazz 91 brooklynnets 84 home
milwaukeebucks 106 atlantahawks 94 away
dallasmavericks 97 washingtonwizards 72 home
denvernuggets 115 clevelandcavaliers 103 home
neworleanspelicans 100 orlandomagic 91 away
torontoraptors 95 philadelphiaSSers 88 away
portlandtrailblazers 97 indianapacers 95 home
losangeleslakers 90 sanantoniospurs 86 away
oklahomacitythunder 95 newyorkknicks 87 home
torontoraptors 105 bostonceltics 95 home
detroitpistons 87 miamiheat 73 home
denvernuggets 117 goldenstatewarriors 109 away
houstonrockets 107 utahjazz 101 home
losangelesclippers 90 clevelandcavaliers 80 home
memphisgrizzlies 96 brooklynnets 93 away
neworleanspelicans 106 orlandomagic 91 home
minnesotatimberwolves 92 phoenixsuns 79 away
losangeleslakers 114 dallasmavericks 103 away
philadelphiaSSers 83 chicagobulls 82 home
phoenixsuns 110 bostonceltics 106 away
denvernuggets 98 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
memphisgrizzlies 92 washingtonwizards 77 home
philadelphiaSSers 93 miamiheat 90 away
brooklynnets 93 milwaukeebucks 86 home
houstonrockets 83 neworleanspelicans 74 away
sanantoniospurs 105 orlandomagic 94 away
portlandtrailblazers 88 newyorkknicks 81 home
minnesotatimberwolves 112 sacramentokings 109 away
indianapacers 101 oklahomacitythunder 94 away
torontoraptors 92 atlantahawks 87 home
utahjazz 86 losangelesclippers 67 home
neworleanspelicans 97 chicagobulls 91 away
clevelandcavaliers 95 atlantahawks 85 home
dallasmavericks 110 orlandomagic 97 home
goldenstatewarriors 104 newyorkknicks 92 home
houstonrockets 86 detroitpistons 80 home
sanantoniospurs 86 miamiheat 70 away
washingtonwizards 114 milwaukeebucks 109 away
brooklynnets 99 phoenixsuns 88 home
bostonceltics 116 denvernuggets 111 away
minnesotatimberwolves 96 losangelesclippers 94 away
losangeleslakers 94 utahjazz 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 93 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
sacramentokings 91 indianapacers 88 home
torontoraptors 108 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
sanantoniospurs 96 chicagobulls 82 away
neworleanspelicans 91 milwaukeebucks 85 home
orlandomagic 105 phoenixsuns 98 home
bostonceltics 102 utahjazz 80 away
atlantahawks 112 denvernuggets 98 home
torontoraptors 100 clevelandcavaliers 93 away
philadelphiaSSers 78 detroitpistons 76 away
houstonrockets 93 portlandtrailblazers 91 home
indianapacers 93 washingtonwizards 79 home
losangeleslakers 98 newyorkknicks 90 home
miamiheat 92 phoenixsuns 72 home
goldenstatewarriors 98 minnesotatimberwolves 95 away
brooklynnets 101 oklahomacitythunder 88 home
sacramentokings 105 losangelesclippers 95 home
bostonceltics 126 oklahomacitythunder 112 home
losangelesclippers 100 dallasmavericks 99 home
memphisgrizzlies 103 atlantahawks 90 home
milwaukeebucks 94 goldenstatewarriors 89 home
sanantoniospurs 102 portlandtrailblazers 77 home
utahjazz 95 newyorkknicks 73 home
orlandomagic 95 washingtonwizards 91 away
clevelandcavaliers 95 detroitpistons 86 home
sanantoniospurs 71 houstonrockets 67 away
neworleanspelicans 111 phoenixsuns 101 away
bostonceltics 114 torontoraptors 111 home
oklahomacitythunder 93 detroitpistons 72 away
neworleanspelicans 96 goldenstatewarriors 85 away
indianapacers 103 atlantahawks 92 home
dallasmavericks 110 losangeleslakers 93 away
miamiheat 91 memphisgrizzlies 88 home
milwaukeebucks 109 chicagobulls 95 home
brooklynnets 99 orlandomagic 95 away
denvernuggets 86 philadelphiaSSers 77 away
sacramentokings 100 utahjazz 93 away
minnesotatimberwolves 110 washingtonwizards 91 away
orlandomagic 105 atlantahawks 102 away
chicagobulls 86 indianapacers 75 home
bostonceltics 105 clevelandcavaliers 98 away
losangelesclippers 106 phoenixsuns 91 home
memphisgrizzlies 110 brooklynnets 63 home
newyorkknicks 95 denvernuggets 88 home
portlandtrailblazers 112 losangeleslakers 108 home
sanantoniospurs 86 houstonrockets 73 home
newyorkknicks 89 washingtonwizards 87 home
utahjazz 94 philadelphiaSSers 86 away
sacramentokings 107 phoenixsuns 102 home
oklahomacitythunder 108 milwaukeebucks 102 home
miamiheat 90 torontoraptors 89 away
minnesotatimberwolves 116 bostonceltics 95 away
dallasmavericks 111 torontoraptors 94 home
indianapacers 95 clevelandcavaliers 85 home
losangelesclippers 109 neworleanspelicans 80 home
sanantoniospurs 78 memphisgrizzlies 67 home
chicagobulls 102 orlandomagic 88 home
denvernuggets 116 neworleanspelicans 94 home
memphisgrizzlies 105 sacramentokings 100 home
miamiheat 97 atlantahawks 79 home
minnesotatimberwolves 92 houstonrockets 75 home
goldenstatewarriors 104 newyorkknicks 86 away
phoenixsuns 92 oklahomacitythunder 91 home
milwaukeebucks 106 portlandtrailblazers 99 away
washingtonwizards 91 utahjazz 87 home
goldenstatewarriors 98 atlantahawks 85 away
bostonceltics 105 dallasmavericks 103 home
houstonrockets 89 clevelandcavaliers 85 away
detroitpistons 77 chicagobulls 73 home
orlandomagic 94 indianapacers 90 away
losangelesclippers 93 milwaukeebucks 83 home
brooklynnets 87 utahjazz 74 home
philadelphiaSSers 87 miamiheat 76 home
sanantoniospurs 73 torontoraptors 70 home
denvernuggets 99 oklahomacitythunder 98 away
minnesotatimberwolves 114 dallasmavericks 109 home
sacramentokings 101 neworleanspelicans 90 away
portlandtrailblazers 101 phoenixsuns 94 home
sacramentokings 98 atlantahawks 86 away
utahjazz 99 bostonceltics 96 away
houstonrockets 99 losangelesclippers 85 home
indianapacers 80 detroitpistons 75 home
losangeleslakers 101 denvernuggets 99 home
memphisgrizzlies 97 miamiheat 83 home
brooklynnets 97 washingtonwizards 87 home
orlandomagic 119 goldenstatewarriors 93 home
clevelandcavaliers 88 philadelphiaSSers 81 away
sanantoniospurs 87 oklahomacitythunder 73 away
torontoraptors 105 newyorkknicks 99 home
clevelandcavaliers 95 chicagobulls 87 away
losangelesclippers 115 dallasmavericks 105 away
oklahomacitythunder 115 denvernuggets 106 away
milwaukeebucks 92 brooklynnets 87 home
minnesotatimberwolves 102 indianapacers 80 home
neworleanspelicans 94 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
newyorkknicks 103 atlantahawks 92 home
phoenixsuns 102 houstonrockets 87 home
sanantoniospurs 101 portlandtrailblazers 91 away
bostonceltics 87 philadelphiaSSers 84 home
detroitpistons 96 utahjazz 75 home
losangeleslakers 107 phoenixsuns 101 home
miamiheat 104 goldenstatewarriors 93 home
sacramentokings 117 portlandtrailblazers 98 home
orlandomagic 104 torontoraptors 93 away
utahjazz 92 chicagobulls 80 away
denvernuggets 106 memphisgrizzlies 99 home
philadelphiaSSers 95 orlandomagic 73 home
atlantahawks 93 bostonceltics 88 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 neworleanspelicans 86 home
goldenstatewarriors 107 losangeleslakers 98 home
indianapacers 79 houstonrockets 71 away
miamiheat 79 washingtonwizards 72 home
milwaukeebucks 83 detroitpistons 78 home
brooklynnets 95 chicagobulls 78 home
minnesotatimberwolves 98 newyorkknicks 92 away
portlandtrailblazers 97 dallasmavericks 88 home
sacramentokings 114 memphisgrizzlies 97 home
sanantoniospurs 111 losangelesclippers 90 home
oklahomacitythunder 116 phoenixsuns 90 home
houstonrockets 99 losangeleslakers 87 away
orlandomagic 113 clevelandcavaliers 101 home
dallasmavericks 111 sacramentokings 103 away
chicagobulls 87 clevelandcavaliers 80 away
denvernuggets 95 houstonrockets 94 home
brooklynnets 82 detroitpistons 79 away
goldenstatewarriors 98 sacramentokings 91 home
losangelesclippers 101 philadelphiaSSers 98 home
newyorkknicks 98 memphisgrizzlies 94 away
milwaukeebucks 101 indianapacers 96 home
neworleanspelicans 109 atlantahawks 79 home
bostonceltics 104 phoenixsuns 102 away
portlandtrailblazers 101 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
sanantoniospurs 98 orlandomagic 83 home
utahjazz 97 torontoraptors 94 home
miamiheat 92 washingtonwizards 84 away
detroitpistons 87 atlantahawks 84 away
chicagobulls 100 washingtonwizards 86 home
dallasmavericks 104 memphisgrizzlies 98 home
brooklynnets 82 indianapacers 75 away
newyorkknicks 100 miamiheat 80 away
minnesotatimberwolves 104 oklahomacitythunder 86 away
clevelandcavaliers 86 portlandtrailblazers 74 home
denvernuggets 103 goldenstatewarriors 79 home
torontoraptors 94 losangelesclippers 88 away
losangeleslakers 105 bostonceltics 82 home
phoenixsuns 100 philadelphiaSSers 92 home
sacramentokings 98 utahjazz 89 home
sanantoniospurs 89 milwaukeebucks 74 home
miamiheat 90 chicagobulls 83 away
detroitpistons 108 neworleanspelicans 99 home
bostonceltics 100 goldenstatewarriors 91 away
oklahomacitythunder 87 houstonrockets 86 away
indianapacers 94 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
phoenixsuns 113 losangelesclippers 105 away
portlandtrailblazers 91 brooklynnets 87 away
newyorkknicks 114 orlandomagic 86 away
utahjazz 106 philadelphiaSSers 97 home
indianapacers 92 clevelandcavaliers 89 away
dallasmavericks 101 milwaukeebucks 92 home
torontoraptors 81 denvernuggets 74 away
oklahomacitythunder 105 memphisgrizzlies 99 away
minnesotatimberwolves 98 chicagobulls 93 home
newyorkknicks 102 miamiheat 73 home
atlantahawks 83 washingtonwizards 73 away
neworleanspelicans 96 bostonceltics 94 away
detroitpistons 78 portlandtrailblazers 71 home
houstonrockets 80 philadelphiaSSers 72 home
losangelesclippers 120 denvernuggets 104 home
brooklynnets 88 goldenstatewarriors 70 home
indianapacers 103 bostonceltics 90 away
detroitpistons 93 phoenixsuns 81 home
memphisgrizzlies 100 utahjazz 88 home
miamiheat 112 orlandomagic 101 home
milwaukeebucks 109 dallasmavericks 101 home
minnesotatimberwolves 93 atlantahawks 75 home
brooklynnets 97 clevelandcavaliers 82 home
chicagobulls 104 newyorkknicks 99 away
denvernuggets 106 portlandtrailblazers 96 away
oklahomacitythunder 111 losangeleslakers 109 home
neworleanspelicans 86 torontoraptors 74 away
washingtonwizards 97 goldenstatewarriors 79 home
bostonceltics 88 chicagobulls 77 away
dallasmavericks 119 minnesotatimberwolves 112 home
atlantahawks 84 denvernuggets 76 away
detroitpistons 99 goldenstatewarriors 93 home
houstonrockets 84 utahjazz 63 home
indianapacers 91 neworleanspelicans 84 home
sacramentokings 116 losangelesclippers 109 away
memphisgrizzlies 112 orlandomagic 103 home
philadelphiaSSers 83 sanantoniospurs 77 away
losangelesclippers 101 losangeleslakers 98 home
brooklynnets 95 newyorkknicks 85 away
sacramentokings 130 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
torontoraptors 83 phoenixsuns 73 home
milwaukeebucks 100 washingtonwizards 94 away
detroitpistons 78 bostonceltics 68 away
chicagobulls 87 phoenixsuns 82 home
sanantoniospurs 98 denvernuggets 74 away
houstonrockets 83 goldenstatewarriors 65 home
indianapacers 87 miamiheat 65 away
milwaukeebucks 88 philadelphiaSSers 76 away
oklahomacitythunder 119 portlandtrailblazers 108 home
utahjazz 108 dallasmavericks 94 home
clevelandcavaliers 107 newyorkknicks 96 home
indianapacers 114 orlandomagic 107 home
minnesotatimberwolves 106 losangeleslakers 90 home
brooklynnets 92 losangelesclippers 75 home
sacramentokings 105 atlantahawks 89 home
sanantoniospurs 94 washingtonwizards 72 home
bostonceltics 101 orlandomagic 93 home
dallasmavericks 105 goldenstatewarriors 99 home
denvernuggets 113 losangeleslakers 91 home
detroitpistons 85 houstonrockets 66 home
miamiheat 102 chicagobulls 95 home
milwaukeebucks 95 phoenixsuns 87 home
neworleanspelicans 97 washingtonwizards 87 home
philadelphiaSSers 100 losangelesclippers 80 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 sacramentokings 93 home
torontoraptors 75 clevelandcavaliers 69 home
minnesotatimberwolves 96 portlandtrailblazers 75 home
houstonrockets 111 newyorkknicks 79 away
sanantoniospurs 94 neworleanspelicans 84 away
orlandomagic 103 washingtonwizards 92 home
philadelphiaSSers 97 brooklynnets 81 home
sacramentokings 113 phoenixsuns 93 away
oklahomacitythunder 122 memphisgrizzlies 116 home
losangelesclippers 78 torontoraptors 68 away
bostonceltics 107 clevelandcavaliers 82 home
portlandtrailblazers 87 chicagobulls 78 away
indianapacers 92 dallasmavericks 80 away
denvernuggets 106 utahjazz 96 home
losangeleslakers 113 atlantahawks 67 home
milwaukeebucks 103 miamiheat 94 home
chicagobulls 89 neworleanspelicans 84 home
goldenstatewarriors 113 oklahomacitythunder 110 home
minnesotatimberwolves 83 miamiheat 77 home
newyorkknicks 94 milwaukeebucks 88 home
sanantoniospurs 89 indianapacers 88 home
utahjazz 92 atlantahawks 71 home
washingtonwizards 94 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
detroitpistons 115 dallasmavericks 102 home
bostonceltics 97 houstonrockets 93 away
memphisgrizzlies 108 losangelesclippers 107 away
sacramentokings 117 denvernuggets 106 home
torontoraptors 83 portlandtrailblazers 72 home
memphisgrizzlies 115 goldenstatewarriors 113 away
losangeleslakers 89 clevelandcavaliers 79 home
dallasmavericks 127 newyorkknicks 121 away
philadelphiaSSers 87 orlandomagic 82 away
atlantahawks 86 sanantoniospurs 77 home
detroitpistons 105 chicagobulls 89 away
losangelesclippers 103 portlandtrailblazers 96 home
milwaukeebucks 111 bostonceltics 103 home
minnesotatimberwolves 94 neworleanspelicans 89 away
denvernuggets 105 phoenixsuns 92 away
sacramentokings 90 miamiheat 86 home
clevelandcavaliers 104 oklahomacitythunder 96 away
utahjazz 97 goldenstatewarriors 80 home
houstonrockets 93 washingtonwizards 80 away
houstonrockets 95 bostonceltics 80 away
dallasmavericks 125 philadelphiaSSers 122 home
detroitpistons 95 torontoraptors 91 home
indianapacers 85 atlantahawks 78 home
losangeleslakers 97 denvernuggets 71 home
brooklynnets 115 washingtonwizards 103 home
newyorkknicks 120 orlandomagic 110 home
minnesotatimberwolves 100 sanantoniospurs 93 away
goldenstatewarriors 119 clevelandcavaliers 102 home
memphisgrizzlies 108 chicagobulls 93 home
milwaukeebucks 86 brooklynnets 83 home
torontoraptors 78 neworleanspelicans 74 away
phoenixsuns 105 portlandtrailblazers 96 away
utahjazz 97 miamiheat 85 home
dallasmavericks 91 denvernuggets 88 away
detroitpistons 98 washingtonwizards 77 home
indianapacers 89 sanantoniospurs 79 home
miamiheat 87 losangelesclippers 85 away
newyorkknicks 108 oklahomacitythunder 88 home
orlandomagic 124 bostonceltics 118 home
phoenixsuns 104 goldenstatewarriors 93 home
sacramentokings 103 losangeleslakers 83 home
atlantahawks 75 torontoraptors 70 home
newyorkknicks 101 chicagobulls 96 away
houstonrockets 95 minnesotatimberwolves 76 home
losangeleslakers 91 losangelesclippers 89 home
detroitpistons 99 milwaukeebucks 94 away
indianapacers 90 brooklynnets 84 away
neworleanspelicans 91 orlandomagic 90 home
memphisgrizzlies 91 philadelphiaSSers 87 away
dallasmavericks 108 portlandtrailblazers 104 away
clevelandcavaliers 102 utahjazz 96 away
washingtonwizards 99 oklahomacitythunder 84 home
sanantoniospurs 109 bostonceltics 92 away
denvernuggets 88 miamiheat 80 home
phoenixsuns 96 portlandtrailblazers 92 home
indianapacers 100 atlantahawks 97 away
detroitpistons 85 sanantoniospurs 77 home
goldenstatewarriors 101 utahjazz 85 home
sacramentokings 125 losangelesclippers 100 away
phoenixsuns 88 losangeleslakers 85 away
memphisgrizzlies 88 houstonrockets 83 home
minnesotatimberwolves 97 neworleanspelicans 90 home
newyorkknicks 90 torontoraptors 79 home
orlandomagic 106 milwaukeebucks 99 home
oklahomacitythunder 90 philadelphiaSSers 81 away
washingtonwizards 93 chicagobulls 83 home
clevelandcavaliers 99 oklahomacitythunder 94 home
dallasmavericks 106 brooklynnets 93 home
indianapacers 81 detroitpistons 69 home
bostonceltics 86 miamiheat 84 away
portlandtrailblazers 109 sacramentokings 104 away
denvernuggets 96 utahjazz 75 away
atlantahawks 97 chicagobulls 87 home
denvernuggets 97 phoenixsuns 92 home
houstonrockets 86 newyorkknicks 71 home
losangelesclippers 106 goldenstatewarriors 102 home
memphisgrizzlies 88 losangeleslakers 82 home
milwaukeebucks 113 orlandomagic 102 home
philadelphiaSSers 92 neworleanspelicans 86 away
sanantoniospurs 99 brooklynnets 76 home
minnesotatimberwolves 108 torontoraptors 97 away
sacramentokings 95 clevelandcavaliers 89 away
dallasmavericks 106 losangeleslakers 87 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 goldenstatewarriors 87 home
newyorkknicks 96 atlantahawks 94 away
bostonceltics 100 washingtonwizards 89 home
dallasmavericks 106 chicagobulls 93 away
houstonrockets 78 indianapacers 74 away
losangelesclippers 93 utahjazz 82 home
memphisgrizzlies 109 sacramentokings 95 home
miamiheat 85 brooklynnets 64 home
milwaukeebucks 98 torontoraptors 86 home
minnesotatimberwolves 80 detroitpistons 79 home
neworleanspelicans 97 denvernuggets 91 home
orlandomagic 98 philadelphiaSSers 93 away
sanantoniospurs 86 phoenixsuns 84 away
clevelandcavaliers 95 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
miamiheat 85 newyorkknicks 77 away
goldenstatewarriors 105 portlandtrailblazers 87 away
neworleanspelicans 98 sanantoniospurs 96 away
oklahomacitythunder 102 losangelesclippers 97 home
losangeleslakers 93 utahjazz 86 away
washingtonwizards 107 indianapacers 96 home
chicagobulls 96 torontoraptors 89 home
dallasmavericks 108 sacramentokings 99 home
atlantahawks 91 detroitpistons 82 away
memphisgrizzlies 106 denvernuggets 88 home
minnesotatimberwolves 99 phoenixsuns 95 home
brooklynnets 110 bostonceltics 91 home
houstonrockets 99 orlandomagic 87 away
clevelandcavaliers 99 orlandomagic 98 home
minnesotatimberwolves 97 denvernuggets 95 away
miamiheat 95 houstonrockets 81 home
milwaukeebucks 93 sanantoniospurs 92 home
utahjazz 98 losangelesclippers 93 home
portlandtrailblazers 94 washingtonwizards 83 away
phoenixsuns 89 atlantahawks 85 away
losangelesclippers 102 chicagobulls 92 home
sanantoniospurs 77 newyorkknicks 67 away
brooklynnets 94 philadelphiaSSers 76 away
dallasmavericks 118 oklahomacitythunder 116 away
detroitpistons 106 bostonceltics 103 away
clevelandcavaliers 94 miamiheat 93 home
denvernuggets 115 chicagobulls 99 home
goldenstatewarriors 97 minnesotatimberwolves 90 home
sacramentokings 99 houstonrockets 94 away
indianapacers 101 phoenixsuns 79 home
losangeleslakers 96 oklahomacitythunder 82 home
portlandtrailblazers 88 memphisgrizzlies 76 away
neworleanspelicans 101 milwaukeebucks 100 home
torontoraptors 94 philadelphiaSSers 84 home
utahjazz 91 dallasmavericks 88 home
orlandomagic 104 washingtonwizards 100 away
portlandtrailblazers 93 atlantahawks 85 away
brooklynnets 89 orlandomagic 79 away
sacramentokings 96 sanantoniospurs 91 away
newyorkknicks 92 bostonceltics 74 away
goldenstatewarriors 101 chicagobulls 81 home
minnesotatimberwolves 97 losangeleslakers 84 away
utahjazz 85 memphisgrizzlies 79 away
miamiheat 97 losangelesclippers 88 home
milwaukeebucks 101 clevelandcavaliers 95 home
philadelphiaSSers 85 neworleanspelicans 82 home
detroitpistons 90 torontoraptors 89 away
washingtonwizards 105 phoenixsuns 100 home
atlantahawks 93 milwaukeebucks 83 home
denvernuggets 107 dallasmavericks 102 away
detroitpistons 80 memphisgrizzlies 78 home
brooklynnets 88 houstonrockets 77 away
indianapacers 99 bostonceltics 98 home
miamiheat 94 neworleanspelicans 70 away
newyorkknicks 110 phoenixsuns 105 home
losangelesclippers 115 orlandomagic 106 away
portlandtrailblazers 102 chicagobulls 95 home
sanantoniospurs 85 utahjazz 81 home
sacramentokings 110 oklahomacitythunder 103 away
minnesotatimberwolves 106 philadelphiaSSers 101 home
losangeleslakers 84 torontoraptors 83 away
clevelandcavaliers 104 washingtonwizards 100 away
losangelesclippers 101 atlantahawks 95 away
denvernuggets 116 portlandtrailblazers 97 home
indianapacers 85 losangeleslakers 72 home
memphisgrizzlies 106 goldenstatewarriors 101 home
detroitpistons 102 miamiheat 100 away
brooklynnets 91 neworleanspelicans 70 away
phoenixsuns 99 houstonrockets 79 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 chicagobulls 97 home
sanantoniospurs 83 utahjazz 65 away
dallasmavericks 107 goldenstatewarriors 93 home
clevelandcavaliers 85 detroitpistons 82 away
minnesotatimberwolves 113 orlandomagic 100 home
newyorkknicks 97 indianapacers 90 home
torontoraptors 93 philadelphiaSSers 80 away
sacramentokings 117 oklahomacitythunder 101 home
atlantahawks 97 minnesotatimberwolves 89 home
losangelesclippers 95 bostonceltics 86 away
losangeleslakers 111 clevelandcavaliers 106 away
houstonrockets 103 milwaukeebucks 89 home
brooklynnets 99 miamiheat 88 home
dallasmavericks 113 neworleanspelicans 104 away
portlandtrailblazers 101 phoenixsuns 97 away
torontoraptors 110 orlandomagic 90 home
chicagobulls 95 utahjazz 79 away
memphisgrizzlies 103 washingtonwizards 101 away
philadelphiaSSers 96 losangeleslakers 73 home
sanantoniospurs 96 oklahomacitythunder 90 away
atlantahawks 100 bostonceltics 96 away
goldenstatewarriors 96 denvernuggets 87 home
houstonrockets 82 chicagobulls 80 home
memphisgrizzlies 105 milwaukeebucks 85 home
minnesotatimberwolves 103 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
brooklynnets 120 orlandomagic 99 home
neworleanspelicans 92 detroitpistons 81 home
oklahomacitythunder 107 phoenixsuns 105 away
sanantoniospurs 102 sacramentokings 94 away
indianapacers 83 torontoraptors 77 away
portlandtrailblazers 87 utahjazz 73 away
washingtonwizards 112 losangelesclippers 100 home
houstonrockets 86 atlantahawks 77 away
washingtonwizards 106 clevelandcavaliers 88 away
dallasmavericks 111 detroitpistons 108 home
newyorkknicks 76 miamiheat 64 away
milwaukeebucks 107 neworleanspelicans 97 home
bostonceltics 110 philadelphiaSSers 80 away
utahjazz 96 phoenixsuns 92 away
torontoraptors 84 goldenstatewarriors 81 away
indianapacers 97 miamiheat 91 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
brooklynnets 99 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
newyorkknicks 110 losangelesclippers 104 home
losangeleslakers 98 orlandomagic 96 away
portlandtrailblazers 95 oklahomacitythunder 85 home
sacramentokings 115 denvernuggets 92 home
atlantahawks 102 dallasmavericks 96 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 bostonceltics 89 home
denvernuggets 86 memphisgrizzlies 83 home
sanantoniospurs 85 houstonrockets 82 away
indianapacers 103 chicagobulls 84 away
dallasmavericks 105 newyorkknicks 90 home
losangeleslakers 98 miamiheat 83 away
sacramentokings 124 milwaukeebucks 117 away
minnesotatimberwolves 96 losangelesclippers 84 home
brooklynnets 89 detroitpistons 78 home
torontoraptors 101 phoenixsuns 94 away
utahjazz 86 portlandtrailblazers 81 away
goldenstatewarriors 106 oklahomacitythunder 97 away
brooklynnets 105 clevelandcavaliers 85 away
sacramentokings 96 detroitpistons 94 away
goldenstatewarriors 110 phoenixsuns 99 home
houstonrockets 102 losangeleslakers 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 110 losangelesclippers 102 home
neworleanspelicans 106 newyorkknicks 98 home
miamiheat 111 orlandomagic 98 away
philadelphiaSSers 113 washingtonwizards 88 home
minnesotatimberwolves 77 utahjazz 66 away
chicagobulls 107 bostonceltics 87 home
denvernuggets 107 portlandtrailblazers 98 away
oklahomacitythunder 94 torontoraptors 74 home
memphisgrizzlies 109 dallasmavericks 92 home
miamiheat 97 utahjazz 85 home
milwaukeebucks 127 orlandomagic 104 home
minnesotatimberwolves 110 phoenixsuns 95 home
newyorkknicks 92 detroitpistons 88 home
sacramentokings 127 bostonceltics 111 home
chicagobulls 75 torontoraptors 73 home
denvernuggets 106 philadelphiaSSers 85 home
houstonrockets 107 washingtonwizards 81 home
neworleanspelicans 89 indianapacers 75 away
losangeleslakers 89 portlandtrailblazers 86 home
dallasmavericks 114 clevelandcavaliers 98 away
detroitpistons 102 milwaukeebucks 98 home
losangeleslakers 100 goldenstatewarriors 99 away
brooklynnets 98 atlantahawks 92 home
neworleanspelicans 120 washingtonwizards 98 home
orlandomagic 90 utahjazz 77 home
portlandtrailblazers 101 losangelesclippers 86 home
sanantoniospurs 86 torontoraptors 82 away
losangelesclippers 102 bostonceltics 100 home
minnesotatimberwolves 92 sacramentokings 75 home
philadelphiaSSers 112 oklahomacitythunder 101 away
sacramentokings 91 chicagobulls 83 away
clevelandcavaliers 89 sanantoniospurs 87 home
minnesotatimberwolves 88 detroitpistons 87 away
portlandtrailblazers 94 goldenstatewarriors 93 away
losangeleslakers 116 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
memphisgrizzlies 97 phoenixsuns 92 home
miamiheat 125 atlantahawks 92 home
utahjazz 92 newyorkknicks 78 away
orlandomagic 102 denvernuggets 98 home
brooklynnets 91 torontoraptors 72 away
indianapacers 96 washingtonwizards 87 away
memphisgrizzlies 105 chicagobulls 98 away
dallasmavericks 97 houstonrockets 88 home
goldenstatewarriors 94 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
miamiheat 97 denvernuggets 81 home
losangelesclippers 105 milwaukeebucks 103 away
brooklynnets 97 neworleanspelicans 84 home
portlandtrailblazers 105 bostonceltics 84 home
orlandomagic 87 detroitpistons 86 away
houstonrockets 123 atlantahawks 121 home
indianapacers 94 utahjazz 80 home
sanantoniospurs 94 minnesotatimberwolves 92 away
clevelandcavaliers 92 newyorkknicks 86 away
losangeleslakers 104 phoenixsuns 92 away
oklahomacitythunder 108 bostonceltics 87 home
sacramentokings 96 torontoraptors 81 away
milwaukeebucks 113 washingtonwizards 85 away
clevelandcavaliers 104 neworleanspelicans 100 home
memphisgrizzlies 109 denvernuggets 106 home
portlandtrailblazers 89 miamiheat 81 away
detroitpistons 76 philadelphiaSSers 66 away
atlantahawks 86 philadelphiaSSers 75 home
dallasmavericks 116 losangelesclippers 91 home
indianapacers 107 goldenstatewarriors 96 home
minnesotatimberwolves 108 milwaukeebucks 102 away
brooklynnets 86 torontoraptors 74 home
portlandtrailblazers 94 orlandomagic 91 away
sacramentokings 107 newyorkknicks 99 home
sanantoniospurs 86 houstonrockets 77 home
utahjazz 99 oklahomacitythunder 86 home
milwaukeebucks 106 bostonceltics 104 away
detroitpistons 107 chicagobulls 88 away
losangeleslakers 112 denvernuggets 111 away
houstonrockets 90 clevelandcavaliers 84 home
goldenstatewarriors 99 memphisgrizzlies 92 away
minnesotatimberwolves 81 brooklynnets 68 home
neworleanspelicans 99 losangelesclippers 93 home
phoenixsuns 113 newyorkknicks 95 home
utahjazz 93 oklahomacitythunder 92 away
washingtonwizards 76 torontoraptors 74 away
dallasmavericks 115 sanantoniospurs 91 home
sacramentokings 103 losangeleslakers 101 away
washingtonwizards 95 chicagobulls 87 home
bostonceltics 88 torontoraptors 75 home
detroitpistons 105 atlantahawks 83 home
houstonrockets 89 portlandtrailblazers 85 home
losangelesclippers 96 newyorkknicks 94 home
milwaukeebucks 106 memphisgrizzlies 104 home
minnesotatimberwolves 91 goldenstatewarriors 81 home
neworleanspelicans 89 indianapacers 77 home
clevelandcavaliers 112 orlandomagic 107 away
utahjazz 102 sacramentokings 97 away
phoenixsuns 104 oklahomacitythunder 99 away
orlandomagic 104 atlantahawks 99 away
chicagobulls 87 goldenstatewarriors 81 home
dallasmavericks 111 portlandtrailblazers 91 home
indianapacers 81 philadelphiaSSers 74 home
memphisgrizzlies 97 neworleanspelicans 92 home
brooklynnets 92 miamiheat 86 home
sanantoniospurs 117 denvernuggets 92 home
losangeleslakers 122 washingtonwizards 110 away
denvernuggets 107 newyorkknicks 96 home
oklahomacitythunder 97 houstonrockets 80 away
detroitpistons 100 losangelesclippers 88 away
milwaukeebucks 108 miamiheat 104 home
losangeleslakers 100 brooklynnets 83 away
philadelphiaSSers 81 minnesotatimberwolves 74 home
sacramentokings 108 phoenixsuns 94 home
bostonceltics 91 torontoraptors 82 away
bostonceltics 117 orlandomagic 96 home
chicagobulls 92 clevelandcavaliers 81 home
memphisgrizzlies 81 sanantoniospurs 80 away
utahjazz 94 detroitpistons 86 home
washingtonwizards 111 neworleanspelicans 106 home
atlantahawks 94 losangeleslakers 93 home
dallasmavericks 107 oklahomacitythunder 96 home
brooklynnets 95 denvernuggets 91 away
indianapacers 96 goldenstatewarriors 88 away
torontoraptors 89 miamiheat 86 away
sacramentokings 113 losangelesclippers 106 home
clevelandcavaliers 112 atlantahawks 80 home
losangeleslakers 96 houstonrockets 93 away
indianapacers 101 losangelesclippers 94 away
minnesotatimberwolves 121 dallasmavericks 97 home
neworleanspelicans 100 chicagobulls 97 home
newyorkknicks 88 philadelphiaSSers 77 home
milwaukeebucks 105 orlandomagic 97 away
phoenixsuns 87 brooklynnets 74 home
memphisgrizzlies 97 portlandtrailblazers 88 away
sanantoniospurs 88 oklahomacitythunder 84 home
washingtonwizards 84 torontoraptors 70 home
miamiheat 104 milwaukeebucks 98 home
sacramentokings 114 philadelphiaSSers 105 away
detroitpistons 83 portlandtrailblazers 68 away
bostonceltics 94 washingtonwizards 90 home
brooklynnets 78 goldenstatewarriors 74 away
losangeleslakers 99 oklahomacitythunder 91 home
houstonrockets 112 minnesotatimberwolves 109 away
clevelandcavaliers 88 neworleanspelicans 85 away
orlandomagic 101 atlantahawks 96 home
sanantoniospurs 113 dallasmavericks 100 home
newyorkknicks 109 torontoraptors 103 away
indianapacers 96 utahjazz 88 away
clevelandcavaliers 106 milwaukeebucks 97 home
detroitpistons 97 denvernuggets 66 away
memphisgrizzlies 98 losangelesclippers 92 away
miamiheat 102 sacramentokings 96 home
philadelphiaSSers 97 chicagobulls 88 home
sanantoniospurs 107 phoenixsuns 86 away
portlandtrailblazers 91 utahjazz 70 home
indianapacers 103 denvernuggets 94 away
memphisgrizzlies 95 goldenstatewarriors 85 away
houstonrockets 101 dallasmavericks 98 home
losangelesclippers 91 portlandtrailblazers 71 home
losangeleslakers 94 brooklynnets 88 home
bostonceltics 80 minnesotatimberwolves 77 away
sacramentokings 107 orlandomagic 90 away
detroitpistons 86 oklahomacitythunder 65 away
torontoraptors 84 neworleanspelicans 76 home
newyorkknicks 99 washingtonwizards 86 away
clevelandcavaliers 108 atlantahawks 102 away
dallasmavericks 103 phoenixsuns 90 home
philadelphiaSSers 97 milwaukeebucks 92 home
utahjazz 88 losangeleslakers 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 89 chicagobulls 81 away
houstonrockets 90 losangelesclippers 85 home
indianapacers 94 torontoraptors 84 home
memphisgrizzlies 94 sanantoniospurs 88 home
miamiheat 100 orlandomagic 89 home
bostonceltics 87 newyorkknicks 84 away
sacramentokings 96 goldenstatewarriors 92 home
minnesotatimberwolves 105 oklahomacitythunder 92 away
denvernuggets 117 washingtonwizards 87 away
losangeleslakers 117 bostonceltics 109 away
detroitpistons 98 chicagobulls 65 home
milwaukeebucks 94 atlantahawks 80 home
brooklynnets 98 denvernuggets 97 home
neworleanspelicans 95 miamiheat 84 home
orlandomagic 108 washingtonwizards 99 home
portlandtrailblazers 92 minnesotatimberwolves 79 home
sanantoniospurs 108 losangelesclippers 90 home
clevelandcavaliers 106 torontoraptors 92 away
utahjazz 91 goldenstatewarriors 77 home
houstonrockets 97 neworleanspelicans 86 home
sacramentokings 120 dallasmavericks 102 home
atlantahawks 138 washingtonwizards 124 home
indianapacers 99 bostonceltics 81 away
memphisgrizzlies 98 losangelesclippers 89 home
miamiheat 82 oklahomacitythunder 74 home
denvernuggets 117 milwaukeebucks 111 away
minnesotatimberwolves 96 losangeleslakers 86 home
brooklynnets 88 chicagobulls 76 home
philadelphiaSSers 99 newyorkknicks 94 home
utahjazz 99 phoenixsuns 90 away
portlandtrailblazers 83 sacramentokings 81 home
sanantoniospurs 99 goldenstatewarriors 74 home
losangeleslakers 88 chicagobulls 81 away
houstonrockets 88 memphisgrizzlies 80 home
neworleanspelicans 102 goldenstatewarriors 84 home
oklahomacitythunder 115 orlandomagic 101 away
dallasmavericks 113 phoenixsuns 90 away
bostonceltics 111 washingtonwizards 102 away
clevelandcavaliers 107 indianapacers 104 home
denvernuggets 102 utahjazz 75 home
detroitpistons 85 philadelphiaSSers 69 home
dallasmavericks 101 losangelesclippers 88 away
miamiheat 104 brooklynnets 95 home
newyorkknicks 103 milwaukeebucks 100 away
portlandtrailblazers 92 minnesotatimberwolves 83 away
sacramentokings 101 sanantoniospurs 87 home
torontoraptors 101 atlantahawks 84 home
goldenstatewarriors 97 sanantoniospurs 80 home
phoenixsuns 99 houstonrockets 97 away
losangeleslakers 113 orlandomagic 110 home
oklahomacitythunder 118 atlantahawks 110 away
clevelandcavaliers 111 chicagobulls 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 82 philadelphiaSSers 79 home
miamiheat 96 neworleanspelicans 83 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 milwaukeebucks 99 away
brooklynnets 94 sacramentokings 77 home
newyorkknicks 114 washingtonwizards 110 home
losangelesclippers 110 phoenixsuns 98 away
bostonceltics 104 denvernuggets 100 home
atlantahawks 111 dallasmavericks 110 away
goldenstatewarriors 110 orlandomagic 85 home
indianapacers 80 portlandtrailblazers 71 home
losangeleslakers 106 losangelesclippers 103 home
neworleanspelicans 104 philadelphiaSSers 80 home
torontoraptors 85 utahjazz 81 home
washingtonwizards 114 sacramentokings 108 home
oklahomacitythunder 97 memphisgrizzlies 94 away
detroitpistons 89 brooklynnets 71 away
sanantoniospurs 106 minnesotatimberwolves 86 home
utahjazz 97 clevelandcavaliers 88 away
dallasmavericks 120 bostonceltics 104 home
detroitpistons 94 denvernuggets 75 home
goldenstatewarriors 90 houstonrockets 84 home
sacramentokings 94 indianapacers 92 away
losangeleslakers 106 losangelesclippers 100 home
oklahomacitythunder 91 neworleanspelicans 80 away
newyorkknicks 79 brooklynnets 65 home
minnesotatimberwolves 93 phoenixsuns 80 away
chicagobulls 96 torontoraptors 91 away
washingtonwizards 94 atlantahawks 84 home
utahjazz 87 atlantahawks 81 away
chicagobulls 87 newyorkknicks 81 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 indianapacers 95 home
miamiheat 101 philadelphiaSSers 69 home
phoenixsuns 123 milwaukeebucks 111 home
portlandtrailblazers 92 orlandomagic 73 home
sanantoniospurs 103 bostonceltics 87 home
detroitpistons 96 clevelandcavaliers 76 away
goldenstatewarriors 96 losangelesclippers 85 away
losangeleslakers 104 milwaukeebucks 103 home
minnesotatimberwolves 98 denvernuggets 77 home
dallasmavericks 101 brooklynnets 98 away
torontoraptors 121 neworleanspelicans 120 away
sacramentokings 100 houstonrockets 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 84 orlandomagic 67 home
miamiheat 101 washingtonwizards 81 away
denvernuggets 102 losangelesclippers 80 home
indianapacers 101 chicagobulls 77 home
newyorkknicks 96 atlantahawks 84 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 dallasmavericks 98 home
houstonrockets 93 portlandtrailblazers 85 away
neworleanspelicans 82 detroitpistons 81 home
milwaukeebucks 112 sacramentokings 101 away
utahjazz 85 washingtonwizards 77 home
brooklynnets 84 chicagobulls 81 away
phoenixsuns 103 clevelandcavaliers 86 away
memphisgrizzlies 95 torontoraptors 86 home
minnesotatimberwolves 86 sanantoniospurs 81 home
denvernuggets 101 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
goldenstatewarriors 98 milwaukeebucks 89 home
houstonrockets 90 torontoraptors 89 home
indianapacers 103 dallasmavericks 99 home
losangeleslakers 115 sacramentokings 91 home
memphisgrizzlies 111 newyorkknicks 97 away
miamiheat 105 orlandomagic 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 99 phoenixsuns 94 home
portlandtrailblazers 91 losangelesclippers 85 home
oklahomacitythunder 84 utahjazz 77 home
atlantahawks 84 neworleanspelicans 76 home
washingtonwizards 103 losangelesclippers 94 away
sanantoniospurs 84 detroitpistons 75 home
bostonceltics 102 brooklynnets 93 home
milwaukeebucks 115 chicagobulls 105 away
goldenstatewarriors 99 washingtonwizards 78 home
losangeleslakers 90 minnesotatimberwolves 73 home
memphisgrizzlies 109 houstonrockets 86 home
miamiheat 119 dallasmavericks 118 home
phoenixsuns 99 neworleanspelicans 94 away
newyorkknicks 108 torontoraptors 101 home
indianapacers 107 orlandomagic 92 away
philadelphiaSSers 86 clevelandcavaliers 71 home
oklahomacitythunder 102 denvernuggets 86 home
atlantahawks 97 chicagobulls 88 home
clevelandcavaliers 107 brooklynnets 104 home
detroitpistons 100 newyorkknicks 85 home
minnesotatimberwolves 98 losangelesclippers 82 away
portlandtrailblazers 115 oklahomacitythunder 108 home
sanantoniospurs 105 phoenixsuns 76 home
utahjazz 85 denvernuggets 83 home
bostonceltics 89 philadelphiaSSers 65 home
goldenstatewarriors 105 losangelesclippers 77 home
indianapacers 87 miamiheat 80 home
losangeleslakers 91 utahjazz 84 home
houstonrockets 111 milwaukeebucks 107 away
dallasmavericks 118 orlandomagic 88 away
sacramentokings 100 washingtonwizards 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 94 torontoraptors 88 away
memphisgrizzlies 136 atlantahawks 133 away
minnesotatimberwolves 94 houstonrockets 88 away
miamiheat 105 chicagobulls 96 home
bostonceltics 84 brooklynnets 80 away
newyorkknicks 92 portlandtrailblazers 91 home
phoenixsuns 101 washingtonwizards 95 home
sanantoniospurs 101 clevelandcavaliers 93 home
dallasmavericks 126 clevelandcavaliers 109 home
denvernuggets 124 oklahomacitythunder 119 home
losangeleslakers 107 neworleanspelicans 88 home
milwaukeebucks 95 indianapacers 86 home
philadelphiaSSers 95 goldenstatewarriors 71 home
miamiheat 100 atlantahawks 97 away
portlandtrailblazers 105 bostonceltics 98 away
detroitpistons 108 losangelesclippers 99 home
indianapacers 111 milwaukeebucks 78 home
minnesotatimberwolves 90 oklahomacitythunder 83 home
chicagobulls 109 orlandomagic 91 away
sanantoniospurs 107 sacramentokings 89 home
goldenstatewarriors 85 torontoraptors 78 away
utahjazz 89 neworleanspelicans 76 home
brooklynnets 103 washingtonwizards 99 away
dallasmavericks 127 sacramentokings 117 home
losangeleslakers 93 houstonrockets 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 88 philadelphiaSSers 82 away
bostonceltics 111 goldenstatewarriors 106 home
chicagobulls 114 losangelesclippers 110 home
denvernuggets 110 houstonrockets 100 home
detroitpistons 92 miamiheat 84 home
indianapacers 84 torontoraptors 64 home
memphisgrizzlies 109 phoenixsuns 99 home
milwaukeebucks 107 clevelandcavaliers 89 home
minnesotatimberwolves 91 washingtonwizards 73 home
brooklynnets 108 newyorkknicks 83 home
atlantahawks 95 orlandomagic 87 away
losangeleslakers 97 oklahomacitythunder 86 away
sanantoniospurs 94 utahjazz 81 away
miamiheat 97 chicagobulls 83 away
goldenstatewarriors 103 clevelandcavaliers 100 away
dallasmavericks 124 phoenixsuns 103 home
newyorkknicks 86 philadelphiaSSers 75 away
neworleanspelicans 94 portlandtrailblazers 81 away
detroitpistons 79 indianapacers 61 home
sacramentokings 99 houstonrockets 94 away
utahjazz 97 losangelesclippers 92 away
sanantoniospurs 95 losangeleslakers 89 away
minnesotatimberwolves 90 memphisgrizzlies 82 home
brooklynnets 106 atlantahawks 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 96 neworleanspelicans 88 home
milwaukeebucks 90 torontoraptors 83 away
washingtonwizards 112 bostonceltics 102 home
utahjazz 92 memphisgrizzlies 81 home
philadelphiaSSers 103 atlantahawks 100 away
torontoraptors 87 clevelandcavaliers 86 away
dallasmavericks 118 oklahomacitythunder 108 home
detroitpistons 102 orlandomagic 86 home
goldenstatewarriors 97 houstonrockets 90 home
indianapacers 107 newyorkknicks 86 home
portlandtrailblazers 91 losangeleslakers 80 away
milwaukeebucks 103 brooklynnets 98 away
sacramentokings 105 neworleanspelicans 91 home
houstonrockets 102 losangelesclippers 79 away
memphisgrizzlies 92 clevelandcavaliers 74 home
miamiheat 104 bostonceltics 101 home
milwaukeebucks 116 washingtonwizards 107 home
newyorkknicks 96 chicagobulls 82 home
denvernuggets 111 phoenixsuns 96 away
portlandtrailblazers 87 goldenstatewarriors 81 home
sanantoniospurs 96 oklahomacitythunder 75 home
indianapacers 94 torontoraptors 90 away
dallasmavericks 117 utahjazz 94 home
brooklynnets 101 orlandomagic 81 home
minnesotatimberwolves 94 sacramentokings 86 away
atlantahawks 116 chicagobulls 101 away
detroitpistons 74 torontoraptors 66 home
minnesotatimberwolves 92 goldenstatewarriors 74 away
houstonrockets 106 denvernuggets 103 home
indianapacers 90 brooklynnets 80 home
losangeleslakers 103 memphisgrizzlies 95 home
miamiheat 106 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
neworleanspelicans 89 bostonceltics 80 home
washingtonwizards 83 philadelphiaSSers 80 away
phoenixsuns 101 sacramentokings 96 home
sanantoniospurs 84 portlandtrailblazers 74 home
atlantahawks 110 bostonceltics 99 home
clevelandcavaliers 91 miamiheat 80 home
denvernuggets 110 portlandtrailblazers 100 home
neworleanspelicans 92 milwaukeebucks 87 away
detroitpistons 101 orlandomagic 89 away
oklahomacitythunder 119 dallasmavericks 99 home
utahjazz 82 houstonrockets 69 home
newyorkknicks 102 washingtonwizards 98 away
goldenstatewarriors 108 dallasmavericks 107 home
sanantoniospurs 88 losangelesclippers 79 away
brooklynnets 89 philadelphiaSSers 75 home
phoenixsuns 89 memphisgrizzlies 83 home
sacramentokings 102 losangeleslakers 85 home
chicagobulls 114 torontoraptors 108 away
atlantahawks 129 brooklynnets 107 home
miamiheat 84 bostonceltics 77 away
orlandomagic 93 chicagobulls 84 away
clevelandcavaliers 93 milwaukeebucks 89 home
denvernuggets 97 sacramentokings 89 home
detroitpistons 101 washingtonwizards 79 home
minnesotatimberwolves 104 utahjazz 90 home
newyorkknicks 101 neworleanspelicans 97 away
indianapacers 107 philadelphiaSSers 93 away
sanantoniospurs 78 portlandtrailblazers 66 away
houstonrockets 111 oklahomacitythunder 107 away
dallasmavericks 110 memphisgrizzlies 103 home
losangeleslakers 109 goldenstatewarriors 104 home
losangelesclippers 98 phoenixsuns 96 away
torontoraptors 87 detroitpistons 78 home
bostonceltics 137 atlantahawks 132 home
goldenstatewarriors 97 sacramentokings 91 home
dallasmavericks 92 houstonrockets 89 away
indianapacers 101 chicagobulls 96 home
oklahomacitythunder 118 losangelesclippers 87 away
minnesotatimberwolves 107 memphisgrizzlies 90 away
miamiheat 96 brooklynnets 84 home
torontoraptors 89 milwaukeebucks 87 away
clevelandcavaliers 100 newyorkknicks 90 away
orlandomagic 95 philadelphiaSSers 89 home
losangeleslakers 105 portlandtrailblazers 104 away
sanantoniospurs 93 denvernuggets 67 home
phoenixsuns 89 utahjazz 84 away
neworleanspelicans 94 washingtonwizards 78 away
playoffs
indianapacers 104 bostonceltics 88 home
losangeleslakers 72 houstonrockets 71 home
brooklynnets 107 newyorkknicks 83 home
sanantoniospurs 98 memphisgrizzlies 74 home
detroitpistons 108 milwaukeebucks 82 home
miamiheat 81 neworleanspelicans 79 home
minnesotatimberwolves 106 denvernuggets 92 home
sacramentokings 116 dallasmavericks 105 home
losangeleslakers 98 houstonrockets 84 home
sanantoniospurs 87 memphisgrizzlies 70 home
indianapacers 103 bostonceltics 90 home
brooklynnets 99 newyorkknicks 81 home
sacramentokings 83 dallasmavericks 79 home
milwaukeebucks 92 detroitpistons 88 away
miamiheat 93 neworleanspelicans 63 home
minnesotatimberwolves 95 denvernuggets 81 home
sanantoniospurs 95 memphisgrizzlies 93 away
brooklynnets 81 newyorkknicks 78 away
indianapacers 108 bostonceltics 85 away
houstonrockets 102 losangeleslakers 91 home
dallasmavericks 104 sacramentokings 79 home
denvernuggets 107 minnesotatimberwolves 86 home
detroitpistons 95 milwaukeebucks 85 away
neworleanspelicans 77 miamiheat 71 home
indianapacers 90 bostonceltics 75 away
losangeleslakers 92 houstonrockets 88 away
sanantoniospurs 110 memphisgrizzlies 97 away
brooklynnets 100 newyorkknicks 94 away
sacramentokings 94 dallasmavericks 92 away
detroitpistons 109 milwaukeebucks 92 away
minnesotatimberwolves 84 denvernuggets 82 away
neworleanspelicans 96 miamiheat 85 home
losangeleslakers 97 houstonrockets 78 home
detroitpistons 91 milwaukeebucks 77 home
sacramentokings 119 dallasmavericks 118 home
miamiheat 87 neworleanspelicans 83 home
minnesotatimberwolves 102 denvernuggets 91 home
neworleanspelicans 89 miamiheat 83 home
sanantoniospurs 88 losangeleslakers 78 home
detroitpistons 78 brooklynnets 56 home
miamiheat 85 neworleanspelicans 77 home
sacramentokings 104 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
sanantoniospurs 95 losangeleslakers 85 home
indianapacers 94 miamiheat 81 home
detroitpistons 95 brooklynnets 80 home
indianapacers 91 miamiheat 80 home
minnesotatimberwolves 94 sacramentokings 89 home
losangeleslakers 105 sanantoniospurs 81 home
brooklynnets 82 detroitpistons 64 home
miamiheat 94 indianapacers 87 home
minnesotatimberwolves 114 sacramentokings 113 away
losangeleslakers 98 sanantoniospurs 90 home
brooklynnets 94 detroitpistons 79 home
miamiheat 100 indianapacers 88 home
sacramentokings 87 minnesotatimberwolves 81 home
losangeleslakers 74 sanantoniospurs 73 away
brooklynnets 127 detroitpistons 120 away
minnesotatimberwolves 86 sacramentokings 74 home
indianapacers 94 miamiheat 83 home
losangeleslakers 88 sanantoniospurs 76 home
detroitpistons 81 brooklynnets 75 away
sacramentokings 104 minnesotatimberwolves 87 home
indianapacers 73 miamiheat 70 away
minnesotatimberwolves 83 sacramentokings 80 home
detroitpistons 90 brooklynnets 69 home
losangeleslakers 97 minnesotatimberwolves 88 away
indianapacers 78 detroitpistons 74 home
minnesotatimberwolves 89 losangeleslakers 71 home
detroitpistons 72 indianapacers 67 away
losangeleslakers 100 minnesotatimberwolves 89 home
detroitpistons 85 indianapacers 78 home
losangeleslakers 92 minnesotatimberwolves 85 home
indianapacers 83 detroitpistons 68 away
minnesotatimberwolves 98 losangeleslakers 96 home
detroitpistons 83 indianapacers 65 away
losangeleslakers 96 minnesotatimberwolves 90 home
detroitpistons 69 indianapacers 65 home
detroitpistons 87 losangeleslakers 75 away
losangeleslakers 99 detroitpistons 91 home
detroitpistons 88 losangeleslakers 68 home
detroitpistons 88 losangeleslakers 80 home
detroitpistons 100 losangeleslakers 87 home
yearEnd
dallasmavericks 107 sacramentokings 98 home
detroitpistons 87 houstonrockets 79 home
losangeleslakers 89 denvernuggets 78 home
portlandtrailblazers 78 goldenstatewarriors 75 away
losangelesclippers 114 oklahomacitythunder 84 home
washingtonwizards 103 memphisgrizzlies 91 away
minnesotatimberwolves 99 newyorkknicks 93 home
miamiheat 100 brooklynnets 77 away
dallasmavericks 106 neworleanspelicans 91 away
orlandomagic 93 milwaukeebucks 92 home
phoenixsuns 112 atlantahawks 82 home
sanantoniospurs 101 sacramentokings 85 home
torontoraptors 95 houstonrockets 88 home
utahjazz 104 losangeleslakers 78 home
philadelphiaSSers 98 bostonceltics 95 away
indianapacers 109 clevelandcavaliers 104 away
washingtonwizards 103 charlottehornets 96 away
denvernuggets 94 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
miamiheat 92 clevelandcavaliers 86 home
indianapacers 100 bostonceltics 94 away
brooklynnets 111 chicagobulls 106 away
utahjazz 102 goldenstatewarriors 80 away
sanantoniospurs 105 losangeleslakers 96 away
houstonrockets 89 memphisgrizzlies 81 away
orlandomagic 90 neworleanspelicans 89 away
phoenixsuns 108 philadelphiaSSers 98 away
portlandtrailblazers 94 losangelesclippers 81 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 atlantahawks 85 home
torontoraptors 101 detroitpistons 89 home
charlottehornets 111 orlandomagic 100 home
dallasmavericks 112 memphisgrizzlies 88 home
utahjazz 106 denvernuggets 82 away
detroitpistons 99 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
losangelesclippers 94 goldenstatewarriors 86 away
houstonrockets 104 sacramentokings 101 home
indianapacers 100 chicagobulls 90 home
milwaukeebucks 102 clevelandcavaliers 88 home
minnesotatimberwolves 99 neworleanspelicans 92 home
phoenixsuns 112 brooklynnets 80 away
bostonceltics 107 newyorkknicks 73 away
miamiheat 118 washingtonwizards 106 away
losangeleslakers 106 atlantahawks 90 home
oklahomacitythunder 113 sanantoniospurs 94 home
torontoraptors 101 portlandtrailblazers 97 home
dallasmavericks 101 goldenstatewarriors 98 home
detroitpistons 99 losangelesclippers 96 away
utahjazz 102 denvernuggets 91 home
clevelandcavaliers 93 atlantahawks 79 away
phoenixsuns 94 chicagobulls 74 away
oklahomacitythunder 108 denvernuggets 88 away
houstonrockets 90 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
miamiheat 103 washingtonwizards 93 home
indianapacers 102 minnesotatimberwolves 101 away
brooklynnets 64 portlandtrailblazers 60 home
losangeleslakers 106 neworleanspelicans 98 away
newyorkknicks 96 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
orlandomagic 94 dallasmavericks 84 home
sacramentokings 108 torontoraptors 92 home
bostonceltics 90 portlandtrailblazers 88 home
clevelandcavaliers 114 phoenixsuns 109 home
losangelesclippers 102 indianapacers 68 away
memphisgrizzlies 110 losangeleslakers 87 home
milwaukeebucks 102 charlottehornets 100 home
philadelphiaSSers 108 brooklynnets 100 home
sanantoniospurs 91 goldenstatewarriors 71 home
oklahomacitythunder 108 sacramentokings 78 home
torontoraptors 104 utahjazz 95 away
washingtonwizards 106 orlandomagic 96 home
denvernuggets 117 detroitpistons 109 home
minnesotatimberwolves 96 houstonrockets 91 away
dallasmavericks 113 miamiheat 93 away
bostonceltics 91 charlottehornets 74 home
memphisgrizzlies 96 goldenstatewarriors 67 home
atlantahawks 96 neworleanspelicans 95 away
newyorkknicks 110 losangelesclippers 96 home
orlandomagic 122 losangeleslakers 113 home
philadelphiaSSers 106 indianapacers 104 home
sanantoniospurs 93 miamiheat 84 home
oklahomacitythunder 88 torontoraptors 87 home
sanantoniospurs 103 atlantahawks 88 away
goldenstatewarriors 103 charlottehornets 87 away
losangelesclippers 97 chicagobulls 96 away
clevelandcavaliers 105 washingtonwizards 74 home
losangeleslakers 84 houstonrockets 79 away
indianapacers 103 newyorkknicks 97 home
milwaukeebucks 94 neworleanspelicans 91 home
dallasmavericks 94 brooklynnets 78 away
sacramentokings 113 phoenixsuns 111 away
portlandtrailblazers 105 torontoraptors 102 home
utahjazz 108 detroitpistons 93 home
miamiheat 112 milwaukeebucks 110 home
philadelphiaSSers 96 orlandomagic 87 home
sacramentokings 101 denvernuggets 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 118 memphisgrizzlies 113 home
dallasmavericks 122 washingtonwizards 113 away
clevelandcavaliers 99 goldenstatewarriors 88 home
houstonrockets 80 brooklynnets 69 away
atlantahawks 88 houstonrockets 84 home
utahjazz 107 charlottehornets 105 away
phoenixsuns 107 dallasmavericks 101 away
losangelesclippers 101 torontoraptors 89 home
minnesotatimberwolves 108 miamiheat 97 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 philadelphiaSSers 95 away
sacramentokings 113 chicagobulls 106 home
sanantoniospurs 99 newyorkknicks 81 home
denvernuggets 112 torontoraptors 106 home
detroitpistons 93 minnesotatimberwolves 85 home
goldenstatewarriors 98 chicagobulls 85 home
indianapacers 93 atlantahawks 86 home
losangeleslakers 103 losangelesclippers 89 home
miamiheat 113 milwaukeebucks 106 away
oklahomacitythunder 79 brooklynnets 68 away
phoenixsuns 95 neworleanspelicans 84 away
orlandomagic 107 utahjazz 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 101 portlandtrailblazers 82 away
washingtonwizards 110 bostonceltics 105 home
clevelandcavaliers 106 charlottehornets 89 away
newyorkknicks 93 houstonrockets 92 away
sanantoniospurs 88 philadelphiaSSers 80 away
sanantoniospurs 92 bostonceltics 84 away
dallasmavericks 103 newyorkknicks 101 home
denvernuggets 99 chicagobulls 81 home
indianapacers 97 detroitpistons 82 away
miamiheat 107 utahjazz 105 home
phoenixsuns 107 losangeleslakers 102 home
portlandtrailblazers 110 milwaukeebucks 98 home
sacramentokings 107 memphisgrizzlies 105 home
oklahomacitythunder 101 torontoraptors 94 away
utahjazz 92 atlantahawks 79 away
clevelandcavaliers 100 charlottehornets 84 home
memphisgrizzlies 100 goldenstatewarriors 87 away
orlandomagic 86 indianapacers 83 away
houstonrockets 91 losangelesclippers 86 away
washingtonwizards 97 brooklynnets 86 away
minnesotatimberwolves 99 neworleanspelicans 94 away
bostonceltics 102 oklahomacitythunder 83 home
denvernuggets 110 dallasmavericks 82 home
detroitpistons 117 charlottehornets 116 home
phoenixsuns 122 losangelesclippers 111 away
losangeleslakers 102 chicagobulls 93 home
miamiheat 93 philadelphiaSSers 83 home
newyorkknicks 98 clevelandcavaliers 88 home
houstonrockets 97 portlandtrailblazers 93 away
sacramentokings 88 milwaukeebucks 79 home
torontoraptors 96 sanantoniospurs 91 home
minnesotatimberwolves 83 dallasmavericks 82 away
memphisgrizzlies 93 sanantoniospurs 90 home
phoenixsuns 100 chicagobulls 82 home
neworleanspelicans 76 utahjazz 75 away
charlottehornets 91 detroitpistons 89 home
denvernuggets 90 brooklynnets 88 home
goldenstatewarriors 115 neworleanspelicans 109 home
indianapacers 106 bostonceltics 96 home
losangeleslakers 100 milwaukeebucks 96 home
portlandtrailblazers 99 miamiheat 87 away
oklahomacitythunder 103 minnesotatimberwolves 92 away
newyorkknicks 104 atlantahawks 88 home
sacramentokings 102 houstonrockets 96 home
washingtonwizards 102 torontoraptors 86 home
miamiheat 99 atlantahawks 93 away
clevelandcavaliers 92 detroitpistons 76 home
oklahomacitythunder 93 memphisgrizzlies 84 away
portlandtrailblazers 89 orlandomagic 83 away
philadelphiaSSers 110 bostonceltics 97 home
phoenixsuns 111 milwaukeebucks 104 home
sanantoniospurs 94 dallasmavericks 80 home
torontoraptors 114 newyorkknicks 91 home
chicagobulls 101 utahjazz 99 away
indianapacers 106 minnesotatimberwolves 102 home
losangelesclippers 101 brooklynnets 88 home
orlandomagic 117 atlantahawks 99 away
clevelandcavaliers 98 bostonceltics 96 away
dallasmavericks 92 portlandtrailblazers 83 home
sanantoniospurs 89 denvernuggets 75 away
detroitpistons 78 miamiheat 77 home
losangelesclippers 98 goldenstatewarriors 87 away
indianapacers 82 charlottehornets 77 home
sacramentokings 109 losangeleslakers 106 away
minnesotatimberwolves 115 memphisgrizzlies 90 home
philadelphiaSSers 116 washingtonwizards 114 home
phoenixsuns 95 neworleanspelicans 86 home
oklahomacitythunder 92 brooklynnets 79 home
utahjazz 90 houstonrockets 80 home
charlottehornets 107 atlantahawks 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 96 chicagobulls 74 home
denvernuggets 82 houstonrockets 76 away
dallasmavericks 98 memphisgrizzlies 85 away
milwaukeebucks 96 detroitpistons 90 home
newyorkknicks 108 torontoraptors 102 home
orlandomagic 105 philadelphiaSSers 99 home
sanantoniospurs 109 utahjazz 76 home
losangelesclippers 103 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
losangeleslakers 89 neworleanspelicans 76 home
miamiheat 106 bostonceltics 104 home
portlandtrailblazers 83 brooklynnets 71 home
minnesotatimberwolves 121 sacramentokings 110 away
oklahomacitythunder 103 indianapacers 95 home
washingtonwizards 114 torontoraptors 109 away
denvernuggets 76 neworleanspelicans 67 home
losangelesclippers 94 clevelandcavaliers 82 home
bostonceltics 117 orlandomagic 101 away
newyorkknicks 110 atlantahawks 109 away
sanantoniospurs 107 dallasmavericks 89 away
detroitpistons 93 houstonrockets 72 away
sacramentokings 98 memphisgrizzlies 93 away
torontoraptors 94 miamiheat 92 away
losangeleslakers 95 milwaukeebucks 90 away
brooklynnets 99 charlottehornets 86 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 oklahomacitythunder 94 home
phoenixsuns 115 utahjazz 102 away
bostonceltics 101 milwaukeebucks 100 home
chicagobulls 92 losangeleslakers 84 home
minnesotatimberwolves 107 goldenstatewarriors 99 away
losangelesclippers 88 indianapacers 76 home
sacramentokings 94 neworleanspelicans 81 away
newyorkknicks 90 memphisgrizzlies 82 home
orlandomagic 129 torontoraptors 108 home
phoenixsuns 120 clevelandcavaliers 101 home
sanantoniospurs 105 philadelphiaSSers 72 home
oklahomacitythunder 129 utahjazz 119 home
washingtonwizards 95 brooklynnets 68 home
dallasmavericks 113 houstonrockets 106 home
clevelandcavaliers 92 denvernuggets 73 away
washingtonwizards 114 atlantahawks 90 away
bostonceltics 91 torontoraptors 89 home
miamiheat 105 chicagobulls 81 away
losangeleslakers 97 goldenstatewarriors 88 home
memphisgrizzlies 94 philadelphiaSSers 86 home
orlandomagic 104 newyorkknicks 98 away
minnesotatimberwolves 97 phoenixsuns 93 away
sacramentokings 113 indianapacers 87 home
sanantoniospurs 80 detroitpistons 77 home
charlottehornets 107 newyorkknicks 101 home
clevelandcavaliers 105 torontoraptors 97 home
dallasmavericks 109 utahjazz 86 home
denvernuggets 104 miamiheat 95 home
goldenstatewarriors 104 indianapacers 96 home
houstonrockets 77 philadelphiaSSers 76 home
minnesotatimberwolves 107 losangelesclippers 100 away
sanantoniospurs 104 milwaukeebucks 83 away
brooklynnets 109 atlantahawks 88 home
detroitpistons 92 neworleanspelicans 69 away
orlandomagic 96 memphisgrizzlies 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 99 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
washingtonwizards 95 chicagobulls 88 home
phoenixsuns 121 portlandtrailblazers 99 away
sacramentokings 119 bostonceltics 105 home
atlantahawks 96 philadelphiaSSers 92 home
sanantoniospurs 91 chicagobulls 75 away
detroitpistons 101 dallasmavericks 85 away
denvernuggets 115 orlandomagic 102 home
goldenstatewarriors 110 bostonceltics 106 home
losangelesclippers 99 charlottehornets 93 home
brooklynnets 88 torontoraptors 86 home
miamiheat 100 utahjazz 80 away
sacramentokings 109 charlottehornets 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 103 brooklynnets 97 home
houstonrockets 89 neworleanspelicans 81 home
milwaukeebucks 89 indianapacers 86 away
memphisgrizzlies 96 newyorkknicks 88 home
dallasmavericks 97 minnesotatimberwolves 87 away
phoenixsuns 118 goldenstatewarriors 104 home
memphisgrizzlies 97 atlantahawks 89 away
chicagobulls 113 clevelandcavaliers 85 home
detroitpistons 90 torontoraptors 86 home
phoenixsuns 113 losangeleslakers 110 away
miamiheat 101 milwaukeebucks 96 away
newyorkknicks 86 neworleanspelicans 79 away
minnesotatimberwolves 119 philadelphiaSSers 84 away
oklahomacitythunder 102 sanantoniospurs 96 away
orlandomagic 106 utahjazz 100 away
denvernuggets 111 washingtonwizards 105 away
oklahomacitythunder 107 dallasmavericks 102 away
houstonrockets 81 sanantoniospurs 80 home
portlandtrailblazers 89 bostonceltics 87 home
philadelphiaSSers 93 chicagobulls 88 away
atlantahawks 88 detroitpistons 72 away
orlandomagic 113 goldenstatewarriors 109 away
miamiheat 92 memphisgrizzlies 84 home
milwaukeebucks 95 indianapacers 86 home
minnesotatimberwolves 113 sacramentokings 105 home
brooklynnets 94 neworleanspelicans 91 home
phoenixsuns 115 charlottehornets 106 home
denvernuggets 101 torontoraptors 87 away
utahjazz 92 portlandtrailblazers 87 home
washingtonwizards 106 newyorkknicks 104 home
brooklynnets 95 atlantahawks 90 away
chicagobulls 99 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
dallasmavericks 102 houstonrockets 78 away
sacramentokings 97 indianapacers 92 away
losangeleslakers 89 losangelesclippers 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 72 detroitpistons 68 home
sanantoniospurs 116 clevelandcavaliers 97 home
bostonceltics 98 oklahomacitythunder 84 away
goldenstatewarriors 99 charlottehornets 87 home
losangeleslakers 105 orlandomagic 98 home
newyorkknicks 107 denvernuggets 96 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 milwaukeebucks 101 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 utahjazz 88 home
miamiheat 106 torontoraptors 98 away
washingtonwizards 88 neworleanspelicans 69 home
dallasmavericks 94 chicagobulls 93 away
bostonceltics 134 losangelesclippers 127 away
clevelandcavaliers 92 memphisgrizzlies 86 away
miamiheat 106 washingtonwizards 83 home
phoenixsuns 121 orlandomagic 100 home
indianapacers 108 atlantahawks 97 away
charlottehornets 94 neworleanspelicans 93 home
goldenstatewarriors 111 dallasmavericks 107 away
sacramentokings 89 milwaukeebucks 86 away
minnesotatimberwolves 100 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
newyorkknicks 87 brooklynnets 79 away
philadelphiaSSers 110 denvernuggets 102 home
oklahomacitythunder 108 losangeleslakers 93 home
utahjazz 93 losangelesclippers 91 home
denvernuggets 100 bostonceltics 99 away
clevelandcavaliers 112 portlandtrailblazers 88 home
houstonrockets 92 atlantahawks 69 home
chicagobulls 96 memphisgrizzlies 88 away
neworleanspelicans 98 goldenstatewarriors 89 home
detroitpistons 94 newyorkknicks 93 away
phoenixsuns 108 utahjazz 86 home
sanantoniospurs 94 orlandomagic 91 home
torontoraptors 96 minnesotatimberwolves 90 home
miamiheat 98 washingtonwizards 93 away
chicagobulls 85 milwaukeebucks 77 home
detroitpistons 81 clevelandcavaliers 69 home
losangeleslakers 115 sacramentokings 99 away
portlandtrailblazers 100 atlantahawks 84 away
bostonceltics 114 utahjazz 106 home
houstonrockets 100 goldenstatewarriors 83 home
indianapacers 89 torontoraptors 86 home
washingtonwizards 120 losangeleslakers 116 away
memphisgrizzlies 89 brooklynnets 84 home
miamiheat 107 denvernuggets 100 home
minnesotatimberwolves 113 losangelesclippers 86 home
sanantoniospurs 83 neworleanspelicans 67 away
newyorkknicks 113 philadelphiaSSers 107 away
phoenixsuns 112 oklahomacitythunder 110 away
charlottehornets 101 houstonrockets 100 home
chicagobulls 85 indianapacers 71 home
bostonceltics 114 clevelandcavaliers 107 away
dallasmavericks 90 atlantahawks 68 home
portlandtrailblazers 75 detroitpistons 74 away
philadelphiaSSers 116 milwaukeebucks 97 away
orlandomagic 117 denvernuggets 95 home
phoenixsuns 110 washingtonwizards 96 home
sanantoniospurs 104 goldenstatewarriors 85 home
memphisgrizzlies 92 losangelesclippers 82 away
miamiheat 117 orlandomagic 107 home
newyorkknicks 94 utahjazz 93 home
sacramentokings 107 neworleanspelicans 71 home
torontoraptors 110 brooklynnets 99 home
chicagobulls 92 portlandtrailblazers 87 home
phoenixsuns 107 denvernuggets 105 away
washingtonwizards 103 goldenstatewarriors 101 away
houstonrockets 114 torontoraptors 102 home
memphisgrizzlies 82 losangeleslakers 72 away
utahjazz 103 philadelphiaSSers 101 away
brooklynnets 94 charlottehornets 91 away
clevelandcavaliers 107 minnesotatimberwolves 97 home
losangelesclippers 100 neworleanspelicans 91 home
miamiheat 108 bostonceltics 100 home
dallasmavericks 123 newyorkknicks 94 away
sacramentokings 104 washingtonwizards 93 home
atlantahawks 113 dallasmavericks 100 home
bostonceltics 114 newyorkknicks 109 home
chicagobulls 89 detroitpistons 82 away
goldenstatewarriors 109 memphisgrizzlies 99 home
charlottehornets 90 houstonrockets 87 away
philadelphiaSSers 102 indianapacers 90 away
losangeleslakers 101 neworleanspelicans 89 home
portlandtrailblazers 104 milwaukeebucks 95 away
brooklynnets 92 clevelandcavaliers 90 home
orlandomagic 93 sanantoniospurs 87 home
oklahomacitythunder 98 denvernuggets 83 home
torontoraptors 98 utahjazz 86 home
phoenixsuns 109 memphisgrizzlies 102 home
miamiheat 109 sacramentokings 107 away
sanantoniospurs 96 minnesotatimberwolves 82 home
detroitpistons 98 indianapacers 93 away
miamiheat 104 losangeleslakers 102 away
clevelandcavaliers 100 neworleanspelicans 91 home
dallasmavericks 102 denvernuggets 88 away
houstonrockets 96 losangelesclippers 79 home
milwaukeebucks 99 chicagobulls 92 home
minnesotatimberwolves 109 washingtonwizards 74 home
newyorkknicks 91 charlottehornets 82 home
phoenixsuns 106 torontoraptors 94 home
goldenstatewarriors 98 sacramentokings 94 away
sanantoniospurs 107 bostonceltics 90 home
detroitpistons 100 brooklynnets 90 home
goldenstatewarriors 104 denvernuggets 101 home
indianapacers 100 neworleanspelicans 82 home
memphisgrizzlies 96 losangelesclippers 76 home
miamiheat 116 atlantahawks 102 home
newyorkknicks 119 orlandomagic 111 away
philadelphiaSSers 111 portlandtrailblazers 104 away
oklahomacitythunder 98 utahjazz 88 away
washingtonwizards 106 charlottehornets 87 home
clevelandcavaliers 111 atlantahawks 102 away
brooklynnets 84 chicagobulls 80 away
dallasmavericks 113 bostonceltics 94 home
losangeleslakers 117 torontoraptors 99 home
milwaukeebucks 115 houstonrockets 87 home
sanantoniospurs 115 phoenixsuns 94 home
philadelphiaSSers 114 oklahomacitythunder 107 away
indianapacers 74 charlottehornets 71 away
houstonrockets 98 clevelandcavaliers 87 away
goldenstatewarriors 111 torontoraptors 105 home
losangelesclippers 101 utahjazz 90 home
memphisgrizzlies 117 bostonceltics 109 home
phoenixsuns 107 neworleanspelicans 96 away
newyorkknicks 100 minnesotatimberwolves 87 home
milwaukeebucks 111 orlandomagic 105 away
detroitpistons 107 washingtonwizards 105 away
oklahomacitythunder 94 atlantahawks 79 away
miamiheat 89 detroitpistons 78 away
indianapacers 96 brooklynnets 83 away
sanantoniospurs 114 portlandtrailblazers 80 away
bostonceltics 108 washingtonwizards 103 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 charlottehornets 97 away
denvernuggets 97 philadelphiaSSers 92 home
houstonrockets 105 milwaukeebucks 90 home
sanantoniospurs 98 losangelesclippers 79 away
sacramentokings 109 utahjazz 102 away
chicagobulls 105 orlandomagic 90 home
miamiheat 113 charlottehornets 90 home
memphisgrizzlies 104 minnesotatimberwolves 95 away
brooklynnets 93 newyorkknicks 87 away
portlandtrailblazers 97 goldenstatewarriors 88 home
dallasmavericks 123 milwaukeebucks 104 home
detroitpistons 100 bostonceltics 88 home
houstonrockets 99 utahjazz 80 home
losangelesclippers 89 philadelphiaSSers 83 home
losangeleslakers 99 denvernuggets 91 home
phoenixsuns 117 portlandtrailblazers 98 home
sacramentokings 86 sanantoniospurs 81 home
washingtonwizards 104 atlantahawks 101 home
bostonceltics 108 neworleanspelicans 90 home
clevelandcavaliers 94 charlottehornets 83 away
detroitpistons 87 chicagobulls 80 away
losangelesclippers 102 denvernuggets 98 away
philadelphiaSSers 112 goldenstatewarriors 104 away
memphisgrizzlies 92 utahjazz 82 home
oklahomacitythunder 98 miamiheat 96 away
torontoraptors 105 orlandomagic 94 home
indianapacers 116 milwaukeebucks 99 home
phoenixsuns 122 minnesotatimberwolves 115 away
sacramentokings 105 newyorkknicks 98 away
sanantoniospurs 100 losangeleslakers 83 home
washingtonwizards 112 brooklynnets 88 home
bostonceltics 84 goldenstatewarriors 83 home
charlottehornets 102 minnesotatimberwolves 84 home
clevelandcavaliers 101 atlantahawks 85 home
dallasmavericks 118 losangeleslakers 104 home
phoenixsuns 108 houstonrockets 98 away
losangelesclippers 102 portlandtrailblazers 98 home
miamiheat 102 newyorkknicks 94 home
milwaukeebucks 97 brooklynnets 74 home
chicagobulls 95 neworleanspelicans 89 away
orlandomagic 105 oklahomacitythunder 87 home
torontoraptors 96 sacramentokings 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 106 utahjazz 99 away
memphisgrizzlies 101 detroitpistons 79 away
sanantoniospurs 111 indianapacers 98 home
washingtonwizards 107 oklahomacitythunder 96 home
sacramentokings 100 atlantahawks 97 away
detroitpistons 110 bostonceltics 104 away
chicagobulls 84 utahjazz 78 home
losangeleslakers 111 houstonrockets 104 home
memphisgrizzlies 84 neworleanspelicans 76 home
minnesotatimberwolves 89 philadelphiaSSers 84 home
brooklynnets 82 goldenstatewarriors 72 home
orlandomagic 111 charlottehornets 91 home
miamiheat 103 portlandtrailblazers 92 away
milwaukeebucks 107 torontoraptors 105 away
chicagobulls 102 bostonceltics 91 home
clevelandcavaliers 104 newyorkknicks 79 home
dallasmavericks 121 indianapacers 101 home
phoenixsuns 108 losangelesclippers 91 away
milwaukeebucks 89 utahjazz 86 home
neworleanspelicans 121 sacramentokings 117 home
orlandomagic 104 brooklynnets 101 home
sanantoniospurs 99 denvernuggets 90 home
washingtonwizards 117 minnesotatimberwolves 114 home
houstonrockets 116 denvernuggets 98 away
newyorkknicks 113 portlandtrailblazers 105 home
phoenixsuns 124 indianapacers 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 108 miamiheat 98 home
torontoraptors 109 goldenstatewarriors 87 home
bostonceltics 119 orlandomagic 101 home
chicagobulls 94 goldenstatewarriors 85 home
losangeleslakers 105 minnesotatimberwolves 96 away
portlandtrailblazers 109 philadelphiaSSers 100 away
utahjazz 97 sanantoniospurs 96 home
atlantahawks 103 milwaukeebucks 80 home
clevelandcavaliers 100 charlottehornets 98 home
indianapacers 86 memphisgrizzlies 85 away
detroitpistons 89 brooklynnets 80 away
neworleanspelicans 88 newyorkknicks 82 away
phoenixsuns 122 miamiheat 107 home
sacramentokings 109 denvernuggets 100 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 losangelesclippers 99 home
chicagobulls 110 philadelphiaSSers 78 home
houstonrockets 124 dallasmavericks 114 away
denvernuggets 95 losangeleslakers 83 home
detroitpistons 90 neworleanspelicans 76 home
miamiheat 98 goldenstatewarriors 91 away
losangelesclippers 103 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
orlandomagic 87 minnesotatimberwolves 80 away
sanantoniospurs 94 milwaukeebucks 79 home
torontoraptors 104 bostonceltics 93 home
utahjazz 115 phoenixsuns 108 home
washingtonwizards 104 portlandtrailblazers 100 home
sacramentokings 107 utahjazz 93 home
houstonrockets 94 brooklynnets 85 home
losangeleslakers 98 clevelandcavaliers 94 home
bostonceltics 106 atlantahawks 94 home
memphisgrizzlies 109 charlottehornets 89 away
minnesotatimberwolves 93 denvernuggets 83 away
detroitpistons 101 orlandomagic 94 home
indianapacers 101 phoenixsuns 83 home
losangelesclippers 114 miamiheat 112 home
washingtonwizards 105 milwaukeebucks 103 away
neworleanspelicans 112 portlandtrailblazers 106 home
philadelphiaSSers 106 torontoraptors 96 home
sanantoniospurs 98 dallasmavericks 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 goldenstatewarriors 84 home
atlantahawks 103 charlottehornets 95 home
chicagobulls 86 newyorkknicks 84 home
dallasmavericks 98 brooklynnets 93 home
detroitpistons 99 philadelphiaSSers 95 home
losangeleslakers 104 goldenstatewarriors 102 away
houstonrockets 73 sanantoniospurs 67 home
orlandomagic 85 indianapacers 84 away
memphisgrizzlies 101 milwaukeebucks 82 home
minnesotatimberwolves 92 portlandtrailblazers 84 home
sacramentokings 99 losangelesclippers 95 home
clevelandcavaliers 84 utahjazz 71 away
washingtonwizards 108 phoenixsuns 103 home
oklahomacitythunder 105 clevelandcavaliers 97 home
torontoraptors 102 neworleanspelicans 99 home
brooklynnets 85 atlantahawks 84 away
milwaukeebucks 99 charlottehornets 92 away
detroitpistons 94 phoenixsuns 80 home
goldenstatewarriors 107 denvernuggets 97 home
sacramentokings 89 losangelesclippers 83 away
utahjazz 102 losangeleslakers 94 away
memphisgrizzlies 99 houstonrockets 80 home
torontoraptors 100 minnesotatimberwolves 91 away
chicagobulls 88 newyorkknicks 86 away
philadelphiaSSers 95 neworleanspelicans 91 home
sanantoniospurs 101 washingtonwizards 73 home
dallasmavericks 137 washingtonwizards 120 home
indianapacers 87 houstonrockets 74 away
orlandomagic 103 detroitpistons 101 home
sacramentokings 113 portlandtrailblazers 107 home
denvernuggets 116 oklahomacitythunder 110 away
bostonceltics 92 chicagobulls 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 charlottehornets 105 away
losangeleslakers 93 minnesotatimberwolves 90 home
miamiheat 111 atlantahawks 92 home
brooklynnets 96 milwaukeebucks 90 home
neworleanspelicans 90 indianapacers 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 88 phoenixsuns 79 away
clevelandcavaliers 107 portlandtrailblazers 101 away
sanantoniospurs 80 losangelesclippers 79 home
torontoraptors 98 newyorkknicks 81 home
dallasmavericks 99 losangelesclippers 77 home
houstonrockets 108 orlandomagic 99 away
sacramentokings 123 clevelandcavaliers 96 home
dallasmavericks 105 charlottehornets 99 away
chicagobulls 95 atlantahawks 85 home
denvernuggets 92 memphisgrizzlies 82 home
losangeleslakers 105 goldenstatewarriors 101 home
indianapacers 106 miamiheat 100 away
milwaukeebucks 89 detroitpistons 86 home
brooklynnets 104 bostonceltics 98 home
houstonrockets 92 newyorkknicks 91 away
sanantoniospurs 128 phoenixsuns 123 away
minnesotatimberwolves 112 oklahomacitythunder 107 away
washingtonwizards 118 torontoraptors 109 home
atlantahawks 100 bostonceltics 96 home
chicagobulls 100 detroitpistons 89 away
clevelandcavaliers 105 goldenstatewarriors 87 away
washingtonwizards 95 indianapacers 93 away
neworleanspelicans 88 losangelesclippers 85 home
orlandomagic 115 philadelphiaSSers 111 home
minnesotatimberwolves 92 portlandtrailblazers 83 away
memphisgrizzlies 110 utahjazz 94 away
dallasmavericks 95 denvernuggets 93 home
miamiheat 97 neworleanspelicans 68 home
milwaukeebucks 101 newyorkknicks 96 away
phoenixsuns 113 brooklynnets 105 home
sanantoniospurs 103 sacramentokings 73 away
oklahomacitythunder 122 utahjazz 105 home
torontoraptors 103 charlottehornets 92 home
chicagobulls 107 atlantahawks 82 away
washingtonwizards 106 clevelandcavaliers 97 away
houstonrockets 89 orlandomagic 78 home
losangelesclippers 97 dallasmavericks 87 home
minnesotatimberwolves 86 detroitpistons 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 106 miamiheat 98 home
portlandtrailblazers 107 sanantoniospurs 99 home
bostonceltics 97 charlottehornets 92 away
chicagobulls 111 denvernuggets 107 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 losangeleslakers 93 away
memphisgrizzlies 95 orlandomagic 83 home
phoenixsuns 133 newyorkknicks 118 away
sacramentokings 113 brooklynnets 93 home
bostonceltics 100 indianapacers 86 home
clevelandcavaliers 114 memphisgrizzlies 111 home
detroitpistons 87 denvernuggets 70 home
brooklynnets 113 goldenstatewarriors 99 away
losangelesclippers 105 losangeleslakers 89 home
phoenixsuns 121 milwaukeebucks 115 away
minnesotatimberwolves 104 atlantahawks 87 home
houstonrockets 82 neworleanspelicans 77 away
dallasmavericks 95 portlandtrailblazers 88 away
miamiheat 111 torontoraptors 96 away
utahjazz 109 oklahomacitythunder 100 home
washingtonwizards 117 philadelphiaSSers 107 home
chicagobulls 101 charlottehornets 93 home
detroitpistons 88 indianapacers 76 away
sanantoniospurs 90 sacramentokings 80 home
miamiheat 106 atlantahawks 96 away
phoenixsuns 128 bostonceltics 119 away
charlottehornets 101 torontoraptors 94 home
oklahomacitythunder 88 goldenstatewarriors 85 away
sacramentokings 117 houstonrockets 111 away
brooklynnets 109 losangeleslakers 103 away
denvernuggets 106 milwaukeebucks 100 away
minnesotatimberwolves 93 utahjazz 91 home
neworleanspelicans 99 philadelphiaSSers 95 home
newyorkknicks 99 clevelandcavaliers 96 home
orlandomagic 108 washingtonwizards 101 home
portlandtrailblazers 90 losangelesclippers 86 home
bostonceltics 101 chicagobulls 97 away
philadelphiaSSers 93 dallasmavericks 89 away
detroitpistons 91 newyorkknicks 61 home
denvernuggets 95 indianapacers 88 away
losangelesclippers 96 goldenstatewarriors 85 home
memphisgrizzlies 84 atlantahawks 83 home
sanantoniospurs 93 neworleanspelicans 83 home
brooklynnets 99 utahjazz 82 away
orlandomagic 103 washingtonwizards 97 away
clevelandcavaliers 104 milwaukeebucks 87 home
losangeleslakers 101 charlottehornets 90 home
miamiheat 104 houstonrockets 95 home
sacramentokings 94 minnesotatimberwolves 84 away
phoenixsuns 123 torontoraptors 105 away
atlantahawks 80 orlandomagic 79 home
houstonrockets 97 bostonceltics 94 away
losangelesclippers 96 newyorkknicks 89 home
memphisgrizzlies 98 neworleanspelicans 91 away
philadelphiaSSers 89 indianapacers 88 home
sanantoniospurs 103 oklahomacitythunder 84 away
dallasmavericks 109 miamiheat 104 home
denvernuggets 96 newyorkknicks 76 home
losangeleslakers 92 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
memphisgrizzlies 108 phoenixsuns 97 home
milwaukeebucks 91 minnesotatimberwolves 86 home
brooklynnets 107 chicagobulls 97 home
orlandomagic 105 clevelandcavaliers 102 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 sacramentokings 101 away
charlottehornets 109 utahjazz 105 away
detroitpistons 105 washingtonwizards 96 away
bostonceltics 110 brooklynnets 89 home
detroitpistons 99 atlantahawks 84 home
sacramentokings 111 goldenstatewarriors 107 away
torontoraptors 98 indianapacers 97 away
phoenixsuns 108 minnesotatimberwolves 79 away
dallasmavericks 90 neworleanspelicans 82 away
houstonrockets 118 philadelphiaSSers 95 away
portlandtrailblazers 97 denvernuggets 94 home
sanantoniospurs 103 losangeleslakers 91 away
losangelesclippers 106 memphisgrizzlies 103 away
miamiheat 100 clevelandcavaliers 88 home
bostonceltics 112 orlandomagic 100 home
goldenstatewarriors 90 neworleanspelicans 82 home
indianapacers 95 dallasmavericks 94 home
milwaukeebucks 92 losangelesclippers 90 home
houstonrockets 119 minnesotatimberwolves 113 away
philadelphiaSSers 103 atlantahawks 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 101 charlottehornets 89 home
sacramentokings 116 newyorkknicks 115 home
torontoraptors 103 washingtonwizards 100 home
indianapacers 84 atlantahawks 79 away
clevelandcavaliers 101 orlandomagic 92 home
denvernuggets 107 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
miamiheat 108 chicagobulls 97 home
brooklynnets 107 detroitpistons 85 home
phoenixsuns 114 newyorkknicks 106 home
portlandtrailblazers 114 sacramentokings 108 home
oklahomacitythunder 113 charlottehornets 99 home
utahjazz 108 neworleanspelicans 92 home
washingtonwizards 112 milwaukeebucks 94 home
houstonrockets 103 losangeleslakers 102 home
bostonceltics 103 minnesotatimberwolves 100 away
philadelphiaSSers 106 losangelesclippers 104 home
dallasmavericks 122 torontoraptors 113 away
atlantahawks 114 losangeleslakers 108 home
miamiheat 105 goldenstatewarriors 96 home
brooklynnets 107 philadelphiaSSers 97 home
newyorkknicks 102 utahjazz 99 away
washingtonwizards 108 indianapacers 104 home
sanantoniospurs 104 charlottehornets 85 away
clevelandcavaliers 104 torontoraptors 91 home
chicagobulls 107 dallasmavericks 100 away
denvernuggets 97 utahjazz 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 108 minnesotatimberwolves 96 home
milwaukeebucks 121 bostonceltics 97 home
goldenstatewarriors 113 orlandomagic 109 away
phoenixsuns 125 sacramentokings 123 away
oklahomacitythunder 108 neworleanspelicans 91 home
bostonceltics 94 losangelesclippers 89 home
houstonrockets 105 chicagobulls 92 home
indianapacers 94 charlottehornets 87 home
minnesotatimberwolves 98 denvernuggets 92 home
losangeleslakers 104 brooklynnets 103 away
miamiheat 116 newyorkknicks 110 away
memphisgrizzlies 98 philadelphiaSSers 95 away
neworleanspelicans 91 portlandtrailblazers 80 away
milwaukeebucks 110 torontoraptors 107 away
washingtonwizards 95 sanantoniospurs 87 home
detroitpistons 103 losangeleslakers 81 home
orlandomagic 101 atlantahawks 96 home
oklahomacitythunder 115 sacramentokings 107 home
bostonceltics 111 newyorkknicks 94 home
miamiheat 97 charlottehornets 87 away
denvernuggets 106 clevelandcavaliers 101 away
houstonrockets 91 indianapacers 83 away
memphisgrizzlies 88 portlandtrailblazers 82 home
sanantoniospurs 101 brooklynnets 91 away
neworleanspelicans 111 goldenstatewarriors 108 home
oklahomacitythunder 113 phoenixsuns 105 away
dallasmavericks 115 sacramentokings 113 away
philadelphiaSSers 106 torontoraptors 91 away
utahjazz 100 minnesotatimberwolves 82 home
washingtonwizards 94 losangelesclippers 91 home
detroitpistons 107 washingtonwizards 86 home
milwaukeebucks 113 atlantahawks 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 112 orlandomagic 99 home
sacramentokings 104 bostonceltics 100 away
clevelandcavaliers 103 losangeleslakers 89 home
phoenixsuns 106 goldenstatewarriors 102 away
houstonrockets 81 portlandtrailblazers 80 home
indianapacers 76 memphisgrizzlies 73 home
miamiheat 96 sanantoniospurs 92 home
chicagobulls 87 minnesotatimberwolves 83 away
brooklynnets 94 denvernuggets 79 home
newyorkknicks 102 charlottehornets 99 home
orlandomagic 97 neworleanspelicans 94 home
dallasmavericks 95 oklahomacitythunder 92 away
torontoraptors 109 losangelesclippers 106 home
portlandtrailblazers 80 charlottehornets 77 away
detroitpistons 107 milwaukeebucks 83 home
neworleanspelicans 98 washingtonwizards 96 home
philadelphiaSSers 106 newyorkknicks 105 home
phoenixsuns 136 utahjazz 128 home
denvernuggets 100 atlantahawks 96 away
chicagobulls 107 sacramentokings 102 home
dallasmavericks 114 goldenstatewarriors 107 away
houstonrockets 123 washingtonwizards 93 home
losangeleslakers 102 utahjazz 95 home
minnesotatimberwolves 82 brooklynnets 71 home
orlandomagic 99 losangelesclippers 94 home
brooklynnets 96 sacramentokings 85 home
sanantoniospurs 101 neworleanspelicans 78 away
newyorkknicks 108 milwaukeebucks 90 home
detroitpistons 93 philadelphiaSSers 75 away
goldenstatewarriors 117 oklahomacitythunder 110 away
chicagobulls 121 torontoraptors 115 away
bostonceltics 90 memphisgrizzlies 88 home
charlottehornets 94 denvernuggets 88 home
clevelandcavaliers 111 atlantahawks 89 home
indianapacers 95 portlandtrailblazers 87 home
miamiheat 113 losangelesclippers 95 home
minnesotatimberwolves 94 clevelandcavaliers 88 home
dallasmavericks 119 phoenixsuns 113 away
milwaukeebucks 112 charlottehornets 102 away
chicagobulls 105 miamiheat 101 home
detroitpistons 97 newyorkknicks 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 87 houstonrockets 85 away
losangeleslakers 104 bostonceltics 95 home
torontoraptors 100 brooklynnets 82 away
indianapacers 108 orlandomagic 84 away
sacramentokings 114 atlantahawks 104 home
clevelandcavaliers 100 chicagobulls 91 home
denvernuggets 107 bostonceltics 86 home
goldenstatewarriors 101 atlantahawks 96 home
indianapacers 93 miamiheat 91 home
milwaukeebucks 100 brooklynnets 81 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 neworleanspelicans 85 away
phoenixsuns 118 losangelesclippers 101 home
losangeleslakers 86 portlandtrailblazers 83 away
sanantoniospurs 99 houstonrockets 81 home
dallasmavericks 101 utahjazz 83 away
washingtonwizards 93 memphisgrizzlies 83 home
dallasmavericks 122 sacramentokings 113 home
losangelesclippers 92 minnesotatimberwolves 86 home
newyorkknicks 113 philadelphiaSSers 101 home
chicagobulls 97 washingtonwizards 90 home
indianapacers 106 clevelandcavaliers 82 home
detroitpistons 111 losangeleslakers 90 away
denvernuggets 97 memphisgrizzlies 94 away
torontoraptors 106 milwaukeebucks 102 away
brooklynnets 93 charlottehornets 86 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 atlantahawks 101 home
oklahomacitythunder 98 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
bostonceltics 109 utahjazz 102 away
chicagobulls 94 charlottehornets 90 away
phoenixsuns 124 dallasmavericks 123 away
miamiheat 101 orlandomagic 98 home
newyorkknicks 90 indianapacers 79 home
sacramentokings 101 philadelphiaSSers 99 away
memphisgrizzlies 84 sanantoniospurs 82 away
detroitpistons 94 goldenstatewarriors 88 away
utahjazz 99 houstonrockets 92 away
losangelesclippers 111 atlantahawks 104 home
milwaukeebucks 99 oklahomacitythunder 73 home
brooklynnets 104 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
denvernuggets 94 neworleanspelicans 93 away
miamiheat 112 orlandomagic 103 away
bostonceltics 120 phoenixsuns 113 away
minnesotatimberwolves 91 portlandtrailblazers 83 away
torontoraptors 108 losangeleslakers 102 home
sacramentokings 110 washingtonwizards 108 away
sanantoniospurs 94 clevelandcavaliers 92 away
dallasmavericks 90 neworleanspelicans 86 home
newyorkknicks 117 losangeleslakers 115 home
utahjazz 87 losangelesclippers 86 home
charlottehornets 94 sacramentokings 87 home
houstonrockets 119 chicagobulls 89 away
denvernuggets 97 atlantahawks 74 home
oklahomacitythunder 101 indianapacers 93 away
memphisgrizzlies 99 goldenstatewarriors 97 home
philadelphiaSSers 118 milwaukeebucks 111 away
detroitpistons 103 portlandtrailblazers 93 away
bostonceltics 104 losangeleslakers 101 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 clevelandcavaliers 86 away
losangelesclippers 101 dallasmavericks 92 home
goldenstatewarriors 99 minnesotatimberwolves 93 away
neworleanspelicans 94 charlottehornets 85 home
orlandomagic 114 sacramentokings 111 home
brooklynnets 99 philadelphiaSSers 93 away
sanantoniospurs 92 torontoraptors 86 home
utahjazz 96 atlantahawks 74 home
washingtonwizards 101 houstonrockets 98 home
denvernuggets 96 indianapacers 87 home
miamiheat 106 brooklynnets 90 away
phoenixsuns 100 detroitpistons 97 home
bostonceltics 104 charlottehornets 84 home
losangeleslakers 108 dallasmavericks 103 home
memphisgrizzlies 86 torontoraptors 75 home
miamiheat 104 sacramentokings 83 home
minnesotatimberwolves 103 milwaukeebucks 97 home
neworleanspelicans 92 utahjazz 85 home
orlandomagic 111 newyorkknicks 89 home
philadelphiaSSers 98 clevelandcavaliers 89 home
indianapacers 106 portlandtrailblazers 97 away
sanantoniospurs 102 chicagobulls 99 home
oklahomacitythunder 95 detroitpistons 87 home
goldenstatewarriors 103 washingtonwizards 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 98 atlantahawks 97 away
washingtonwizards 86 charlottehornets 84 away
denvernuggets 105 losangelesclippers 89 away
milwaukeebucks 95 chicagobulls 87 home
orlandomagic 105 brooklynnets 81 away
phoenixsuns 129 portlandtrailblazers 116 home
minnesotatimberwolves 99 bostonceltics 97 away
miamiheat 102 clevelandcavaliers 82 away
houstonrockets 90 dallasmavericks 69 home
losangeleslakers 103 indianapacers 94 home
torontoraptors 95 neworleanspelicans 84 away
newyorkknicks 115 goldenstatewarriors 99 home
sacramentokings 100 detroitpistons 85 home
sanantoniospurs 101 utahjazz 94 home
phoenixsuns 110 oklahomacitythunder 99 away
chicagobulls 90 milwaukeebucks 85 home
dallasmavericks 113 torontoraptors 105 home
denvernuggets 111 portlandtrailblazers 98 home
memphisgrizzlies 105 losangelesclippers 102 away
miamiheat 108 philadelphiaSSers 100 home
clevelandcavaliers 111 orlandomagic 92 home
losangelesclippers 110 losangeleslakers 101 home
milwaukeebucks 105 atlantahawks 101 home
minnesotatimberwolves 102 charlottehornets 97 home
newyorkknicks 93 washingtonwizards 83 home
goldenstatewarriors 104 philadelphiaSSers 85 away
sacramentokings 85 memphisgrizzlies 82 home
sanantoniospurs 90 brooklynnets 74 home
houstonrockets 97 oklahomacitythunder 95 away
indianapacers 89 utahjazz 83 away
bostonceltics 95 atlantahawks 91 home
detroitpistons 92 goldenstatewarriors 88 home
brooklynnets 86 neworleanspelicans 85 away
phoenixsuns 107 sanantoniospurs 101 home
chicagobulls 97 portlandtrailblazers 84 away
torontoraptors 106 orlandomagic 96 home
losangeleslakers 100 dallasmavericks 95 away
miamiheat 107 minnesotatimberwolves 90 home
bostonceltics 115 detroitpistons 113 home
indianapacers 101 goldenstatewarriors 83 home
dallasmavericks 112 milwaukeebucks 110 away
minnesotatimberwolves 101 orlandomagic 96 away
philadelphiaSSers 112 charlottehornets 80 home
houstonrockets 127 phoenixsuns 107 away
sacramentokings 113 losangelesclippers 112 home
chicagobulls 100 oklahomacitythunder 97 away
atlantahawks 116 torontoraptors 112 away
memphisgrizzlies 94 utahjazz 82 away
goldenstatewarriors 105 atlantahawks 92 away
losangeleslakers 117 charlottehornets 116 away
miamiheat 90 brooklynnets 65 home
neworleanspelicans 111 milwaukeebucks 107 home
portlandtrailblazers 80 memphisgrizzlies 66 home
denvernuggets 90 sanantoniospurs 87 away
bostonceltics 105 washingtonwizards 101 home
clevelandcavaliers 98 indianapacers 86 home
phoenixsuns 106 denvernuggets 101 away
detroitpistons 64 utahjazz 62 home
losangelesclippers 83 chicagobulls 78 home
dallasmavericks 102 minnesotatimberwolves 93 away
oklahomacitythunder 90 newyorkknicks 80 away
brooklynnets 98 orlandomagic 82 away
houstonrockets 111 sacramentokings 96 away
torontoraptors 128 philadelphiaSSers 110 home
detroitpistons 114 atlantahawks 108 away
bostonceltics 119 charlottehornets 110 away
houstonrockets 97 goldenstatewarriors 94 away
memphisgrizzlies 104 portlandtrailblazers 83 home
miamiheat 110 milwaukeebucks 71 home
sanantoniospurs 112 neworleanspelicans 89 home
washingtonwizards 95 losangeleslakers 81 home
oklahomacitythunder 99 chicagobulls 93 away
clevelandcavaliers 92 utahjazz 73 home
minnesotatimberwolves 100 dallasmavericks 91 away
miamiheat 98 newyorkknicks 96 away
philadelphiaSSers 108 losangeleslakers 91 home
sacramentokings 105 orlandomagic 94 home
washingtonwizards 122 atlantahawks 93 away
bostonceltics 110 torontoraptors 109 home
denvernuggets 120 charlottehornets 101 home
detroitpistons 102 oklahomacitythunder 95 home
houstonrockets 108 portlandtrailblazers 77 home
indianapacers 103 utahjazz 84 home
losangelesclippers 110 orlandomagic 102 home
milwaukeebucks 96 clevelandcavaliers 88 home
brooklynnets 100 chicagobulls 84 home
memphisgrizzlies 88 neworleanspelicans 82 away
sanantoniospurs 89 minnesotatimberwolves 73 home
dallasmavericks 98 portlandtrailblazers 94 home
goldenstatewarriors 100 sacramentokings 97 home
miamiheat 102 losangeleslakers 89 home
newyorkknicks 106 atlantahawks 92 away
neworleanspelicans 94 chicagobulls 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 93 clevelandcavaliers 81 away
denvernuggets 115 losangelesclippers 96 home
detroitpistons 103 torontoraptors 92 home
bostonceltics 103 houstonrockets 92 away
indianapacers 103 losangeleslakers 97 home
memphisgrizzlies 88 minnesotatimberwolves 83 home
milwaukeebucks 99 washingtonwizards 90 home
brooklynnets 94 utahjazz 80 home
goldenstatewarriors 110 phoenixsuns 100 away
sanantoniospurs 93 charlottehornets 76 home
oklahomacitythunder 98 orlandomagic 90 home
dallasmavericks 104 charlottehornets 93 home
sacramentokings 111 losangelesclippers 107 away
miamiheat 97 newyorkknicks 82 home
bostonceltics 113 neworleanspelicans 100 away
chicagobulls 94 philadelphiaSSers 88 away
orlandomagic 97 portlandtrailblazers 92 away
washingtonwizards 96 utahjazz 95 home
denvernuggets 114 milwaukeebucks 103 home
detroitpistons 110 sanantoniospurs 101 home
brooklynnets 94 indianapacers 85 away
oklahomacitythunder 102 losangeleslakers 100 away
phoenixsuns 97 memphisgrizzlies 91 away
minnesotatimberwolves 94 houstonrockets 86 home
goldenstatewarriors 104 sacramentokings 94 away
torontoraptors 105 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
charlottehornets 102 orlandomagic 97 home
chicagobulls 105 atlantahawks 91 home
dallasmavericks 103 neworleanspelicans 86 home
losangelesclippers 96 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
newyorkknicks 88 sanantoniospurs 75 home
phoenixsuns 105 atlantahawks 94 away
clevelandcavaliers 91 detroitpistons 76 home
denvernuggets 127 washingtonwizards 98 home
houstonrockets 84 miamiheat 82 home
brooklynnets 98 indianapacers 91 home
sacramentokings 112 portlandtrailblazers 93 home
oklahomacitythunder 92 milwaukeebucks 84 home
utahjazz 115 losangeleslakers 107 home
phoenixsuns 120 charlottehornets 105 away
dallasmavericks 109 goldenstatewarriors 97 away
indianapacers 100 sanantoniospurs 93 home
losangelesclippers 116 milwaukeebucks 108 home
minnesotatimberwolves 107 neworleanspelicans 102 home
newyorkknicks 107 bostonceltics 82 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 detroitpistons 84 home
chicagobulls 94 torontoraptors 85 away
denvernuggets 117 losangeleslakers 96 home
houstonrockets 99 clevelandcavaliers 80 home
memphisgrizzlies 105 brooklynnets 96 away
charlottehornets 108 orlandomagic 94 away
oklahomacitythunder 96 portlandtrailblazers 91 away
sacramentokings 109 dallasmavericks 101 home
washingtonwizards 85 utahjazz 84 away
chicagobulls 94 bostonceltics 86 away
indianapacers 94 detroitpistons 81 away
goldenstatewarriors 118 milwaukeebucks 117 home
losangelesclippers 98 washingtonwizards 94 home
miamiheat 125 phoenixsuns 115 home
houstonrockets 81 neworleanspelicans 68 away
philadelphiaSSers 103 torontoraptors 101 home
sanantoniospurs 111 atlantahawks 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 newyorkknicks 101 home
phoenixsuns 118 orlandomagic 116 away
portlandtrailblazers 103 newyorkknicks 96 home
utahjazz 94 milwaukeebucks 89 home
torontoraptors 109 atlantahawks 104 away
charlottehornets 94 miamiheat 92 home
chicagobulls 100 indianapacers 96 home
dallasmavericks 117 clevelandcavaliers 86 home
denvernuggets 113 sacramentokings 99 home
detroitpistons 105 bostonceltics 99 home
neworleanspelicans 96 memphisgrizzlies 85 away
minnesotatimberwolves 96 brooklynnets 75 away
philadelphiaSSers 96 losangeleslakers 89 away
minnesotatimberwolves 89 losangelesclippers 85 home
sanantoniospurs 83 houstonrockets 70 home
washingtonwizards 95 oklahomacitythunder 94 away
brooklynnets 95 charlottehornets 91 away
chicagobulls 94 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
dallasmavericks 95 detroitpistons 88 away
goldenstatewarriors 108 newyorkknicks 100 home
indianapacers 90 milwaukeebucks 76 away
clevelandcavaliers 109 neworleanspelicans 108 away
orlandomagic 109 atlantahawks 102 home
phoenixsuns 123 denvernuggets 114 home
washingtonwizards 114 portlandtrailblazers 106 away
sacramentokings 118 philadelphiaSSers 109 home
houstonrockets 99 utahjazz 85 away
clevelandcavaliers 94 losangelesclippers 84 home
losangeleslakers 117 newyorkknicks 107 home
oklahomacitythunder 102 memphisgrizzlies 99 away
miamiheat 103 torontoraptors 91 home
dallasmavericks 112 bostonceltics 100 away
chicagobulls 102 charlottehornets 99 away
detroitpistons 99 sacramentokings 82 home
goldenstatewarriors 113 milwaukeebucks 109 away
brooklynnets 95 losangelesclippers 78 home
orlandomagic 108 torontoraptors 96 home
phoenixsuns 116 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
houstonrockets 100 portlandtrailblazers 84 away
sanantoniospurs 89 oklahomacitythunder 76 home
denvernuggets 109 utahjazz 98 away
washingtonwizards 102 atlantahawks 99 home
chicagobulls 102 clevelandcavaliers 90 home
indianapacers 114 miamiheat 108 home
minnesotatimberwolves 105 losangeleslakers 96 away
bostonceltics 116 atlantahawks 100 away
torontoraptors 119 charlottehornets 107 away
sacramentokings 128 clevelandcavaliers 109 away
denvernuggets 102 sanantoniospurs 84 home
detroitpistons 97 losangelesclippers 84 home
neworleanspelicans 76 houstonrockets 73 away
memphisgrizzlies 93 milwaukeebucks 82 away
brooklynnets 93 newyorkknicks 91 away
washingtonwizards 111 orlandomagic 102 away
dallasmavericks 100 philadelphiaSSers 83 away
phoenixsuns 107 minnesotatimberwolves 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 89 portlandtrailblazers 87 home
goldenstatewarriors 108 utahjazz 91 away
chicagobulls 112 charlottehornets 97 home
orlandomagic 103 brooklynnets 102 away
miamiheat 111 neworleanspelicans 99 away
denvernuggets 103 portlandtrailblazers 97 away
sanantoniospurs 95 losangeleslakers 94 home
losangelesclippers 111 atlantahawks 91 away
philadelphiaSSers 97 bostonceltics 93 away
clevelandcavaliers 100 dallasmavericks 80 home
goldenstatewarriors 101 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
phoenixsuns 91 houstonrockets 78 away
memphisgrizzlies 102 losangeleslakers 82 home
milwaukeebucks 106 newyorkknicks 102 home
minnesotatimberwolves 112 sacramentokings 100 away
detroitpistons 113 torontoraptors 103 away
indianapacers 79 washingtonwizards 76 away
neworleanspelicans 96 atlantahawks 86 away
losangelesclippers 104 charlottehornets 102 away
brooklynnets 111 clevelandcavaliers 80 away
dallasmavericks 114 orlandomagic 105 home
goldenstatewarriors 122 houstonrockets 117 home
denvernuggets 94 memphisgrizzlies 91 away
miamiheat 104 chicagobulls 86 home
indianapacers 97 newyorkknicks 79 away
phoenixsuns 125 losangeleslakers 99 home
sacramentokings 122 oklahomacitythunder 101 home
utahjazz 90 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
bostonceltics 116 washingtonwizards 108 away
bostonceltics 103 milwaukeebucks 97 home
detroitpistons 105 washingtonwizards 93 home
indianapacers 98 clevelandcavaliers 77 home
minnesotatimberwolves 111 utahjazz 86 home
denvernuggets 94 neworleanspelicans 83 away
chicagobulls 102 orlandomagic 101 away
philadelphiaSSers 106 charlottehornets 103 home
goldenstatewarriors 104 portlandtrailblazers 102 away
sanantoniospurs 91 losangelesclippers 82 home
memphisgrizzlies 104 torontoraptors 74 away
dallasmavericks 104 sanantoniospurs 68 home
houstonrockets 114 losangeleslakers 100 away
brooklynnets 110 newyorkknicks 98 home
goldenstatewarriors 127 phoenixsuns 119 home
indianapacers 93 washingtonwizards 83 home
memphisgrizzlies 97 miamiheat 81 home
milwaukeebucks 93 charlottehornets 75 home
denvernuggets 107 minnesotatimberwolves 104 away
utahjazz 98 neworleanspelicans 87 away
chicagobulls 102 newyorkknicks 94 away
detroitpistons 114 orlandomagic 102 away
philadelphiaSSers 103 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
sacramentokings 119 portlandtrailblazers 115 away
losangeleslakers 117 oklahomacitythunder 94 away
torontoraptors 109 atlantahawks 101 home
atlantahawks 105 minnesotatimberwolves 98 home
chicagobulls 110 torontoraptors 97 home
clevelandcavaliers 98 milwaukeebucks 81 home
dallasmavericks 88 utahjazz 81 home
denvernuggets 121 oklahomacitythunder 105 home
sanantoniospurs 125 losangelesclippers 124 away
brooklynnets 99 bostonceltics 86 home
houstonrockets 98 phoenixsuns 97 away
philadelphiaSSers 112 washingtonwizards 106 away
sanantoniospurs 136 goldenstatewarriors 134 away
newyorkknicks 113 indianapacers 112 away
memphisgrizzlies 102 charlottehornets 95 home
detroitpistons 80 miamiheat 72 away
portlandtrailblazers 90 neworleanspelicans 81 away
sacramentokings 124 losangeleslakers 105 home
charlottehornets 110 atlantahawks 105 away
detroitpistons 85 chicagobulls 84 away
dallasmavericks 110 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
denvernuggets 122 goldenstatewarriors 106 home
phoenixsuns 108 losangeleslakers 97 away
clevelandcavaliers 114 orlandomagic 106 away
houstonrockets 90 oklahomacitythunder 78 away
indianapacers 94 torontoraptors 90 away
washingtonwizards 119 milwaukeebucks 112 home
losangelesclippers 94 utahjazz 85 home
torontoraptors 105 newyorkknicks 93 away
bostonceltics 105 philadelphiaSSers 98 away
phoenixsuns 99 neworleanspelicans 85 home
sanantoniospurs 95 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
charlottehornets 105 atlantahawks 84 home
denvernuggets 116 neworleanspelicans 102 home
detroitpistons 103 orlandomagic 94 home
houstonrockets 100 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
indianapacers 90 brooklynnets 86 home
bostonceltics 111 milwaukeebucks 108 away
minnesotatimberwolves 116 goldenstatewarriors 100 home
dallasmavericks 95 oklahomacitythunder 90 away
utahjazz 93 sanantoniospurs 91 home
washingtonwizards 93 chicagobulls 82 home
newyorkknicks 95 clevelandcavaliers 89 away
philadelphiaSSers 126 miamiheat 119 home
dallasmavericks 102 portlandtrailblazers 90 away
bostonceltics 101 miamiheat 99 home
chicagobulls 117 orlandomagic 77 home
denvernuggets 111 memphisgrizzlies 102 home
detroitpistons 99 milwaukeebucks 73 home
goldenstatewarriors 108 portlandtrailblazers 88 home
philadelphiaSSers 90 indianapacers 86 away
sacramentokings 115 losangeleslakers 106 away
phoenixsuns 98 losangelesclippers 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 97 neworleanspelicans 72 home
brooklynnets 101 torontoraptors 90 away
minnesotatimberwolves 100 utahjazz 84 away
washingtonwizards 119 clevelandcavaliers 111 home
chicagobulls 114 atlantahawks 105 away
newyorkknicks 100 charlottehornets 98 away
houstonrockets 115 denvernuggets 87 home
losangelesclippers 94 neworleanspelicans 89 home
milwaukeebucks 113 orlandomagic 103 home
phoenixsuns 116 sacramentokings 98 home
sanantoniospurs 97 memphisgrizzlies 75 home
detroitpistons 90 clevelandcavaliers 87 home
dallasmavericks 114 losangeleslakers 112 away
miamiheat 84 indianapacers 80 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
brooklynnets 104 philadelphiaSSers 83 home
atlantahawks 139 newyorkknicks 135 away
portlandtrailblazers 100 utahjazz 82 home
bostonceltics 103 torontoraptors 98 away
washingtonwizards 106 charlottehornets 104 home
goldenstatewarriors 126 losangeleslakers 99 home
houstonrockets 115 losangelesclippers 90 home
memphisgrizzlies 94 sanantoniospurs 92 home
minnesotatimberwolves 102 neworleanspelicans 99 away
orlandomagic 92 indianapacers 88 home
philadelphiaSSers 122 milwaukeebucks 106 home
phoenixsuns 128 denvernuggets 114 home
utahjazz 92 sacramentokings 82 home
detroitpistons 95 atlantahawks 68 away
chicagobulls 92 newyorkknicks 91 home
clevelandcavaliers 100 bostonceltics 86 home
dallasmavericks 101 oklahomacitythunder 96 home
denvernuggets 119 portlandtrailblazers 115 home
miamiheat 99 charlottehornets 80 home
torontoraptors 127 milwaukeebucks 109 away
brooklynnets 109 washingtonwizards 101 home
brooklynnets 102 bostonceltics 93 away
charlottehornets 97 detroitpistons 86 home
goldenstatewarriors 106 utahjazz 89 home
houstonrockets 106 oklahomacitythunder 78 home
indianapacers 85 chicagobulls 83 home
dallasmavericks 108 memphisgrizzlies 88 away
minnesotatimberwolves 95 sanantoniospurs 73 home
losangelesclippers 86 neworleanspelicans 75 away
newyorkknicks 113 washingtonwizards 105 home
miamiheat 98 orlandomagic 93 away
philadelphiaSSers 110 atlantahawks 86 home
portlandtrailblazers 106 losangeleslakers 103 home
sacramentokings 132 phoenixsuns 107 home
clevelandcavaliers 104 torontoraptors 95 away
playoffs
bostonceltics 102 indianapacers 82 home
houstonrockets 98 dallasmavericks 86 away
detroitpistons 106 philadelphiaSSers 85 home
oklahomacitythunder 87 sacramentokings 82 home
chicagobulls 103 washingtonwizards 94 home
miamiheat 116 brooklynnets 98 home
phoenixsuns 114 memphisgrizzlies 103 home
denvernuggets 93 sanantoniospurs 87 away
indianapacers 82 bostonceltics 79 away
houstonrockets 113 dallasmavericks 111 away
detroitpistons 99 philadelphiaSSers 84 home
miamiheat 104 brooklynnets 87 home
oklahomacitythunder 105 sacramentokings 93 home
chicagobulls 113 washingtonwizards 103 home
phoenixsuns 108 memphisgrizzlies 103 home
sanantoniospurs 104 denvernuggets 76 home
dallasmavericks 106 houstonrockets 102 away
indianapacers 99 bostonceltics 76 home
miamiheat 108 brooklynnets 105 away
phoenixsuns 110 memphisgrizzlies 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 115 detroitpistons 104 home
sacramentokings 116 oklahomacitythunder 104 home
sanantoniospurs 86 denvernuggets 78 away
dallasmavericks 97 houstonrockets 93 away
bostonceltics 110 indianapacers 79 away
washingtonwizards 117 chicagobulls 99 home
phoenixsuns 123 memphisgrizzlies 115 away
miamiheat 110 brooklynnets 97 away
detroitpistons 97 philadelphiaSSers 92 away
oklahomacitythunder 115 sacramentokings 102 away
dallasmavericks 103 houstonrockets 100 home
sanantoniospurs 126 denvernuggets 115 away
washingtonwizards 106 chicagobulls 99 home
indianapacers 90 bostonceltics 85 away
detroitpistons 88 philadelphiaSSers 78 home
oklahomacitythunder 122 sacramentokings 118 home
washingtonwizards 112 chicagobulls 110 away
sanantoniospurs 99 denvernuggets 89 home
houstonrockets 101 dallasmavericks 83 home
bostonceltics 92 indianapacers 89 away
washingtonwizards 94 chicagobulls 91 home
indianapacers 97 bostonceltics 70 away
dallasmavericks 116 houstonrockets 76 home
miamiheat 105 washingtonwizards 86 home
sanantoniospurs 103 oklahomacitythunder 81 home
detroitpistons 96 indianapacers 81 home
phoenixsuns 127 dallasmavericks 102 home
miamiheat 108 washingtonwizards 102 home
sanantoniospurs 108 oklahomacitythunder 91 home
indianapacers 92 detroitpistons 83 away
dallasmavericks 108 phoenixsuns 106 away
oklahomacitythunder 92 sanantoniospurs 91 home
miamiheat 102 washingtonwizards 95 away
phoenixsuns 119 dallasmavericks 102 away
indianapacers 79 detroitpistons 74 home
miamiheat 99 washingtonwizards 95 away
dallasmavericks 119 phoenixsuns 109 home
detroitpistons 89 indianapacers 76 away
oklahomacitythunder 101 sanantoniospurs 89 home
detroitpistons 86 indianapacers 67 home
sanantoniospurs 103 oklahomacitythunder 90 home
phoenixsuns 114 dallasmavericks 108 home
detroitpistons 88 indianapacers 79 away
sanantoniospurs 98 oklahomacitythunder 96 away
phoenixsuns 130 dallasmavericks 126 away
sanantoniospurs 121 phoenixsuns 114 away
detroitpistons 90 miamiheat 81 away
sanantoniospurs 111 phoenixsuns 108 away
miamiheat 92 detroitpistons 86 home
sanantoniospurs 102 phoenixsuns 92 home
miamiheat 113 detroitpistons 104 away
phoenixsuns 111 sanantoniospurs 106 away
detroitpistons 106 miamiheat 96 home
sanantoniospurs 101 phoenixsuns 95 away
miamiheat 88 detroitpistons 76 home
detroitpistons 91 miamiheat 66 home
detroitpistons 88 miamiheat 82 away
sanantoniospurs 84 detroitpistons 69 home
sanantoniospurs 97 detroitpistons 76 home
detroitpistons 96 sanantoniospurs 79 home
detroitpistons 102 sanantoniospurs 71 home
sanantoniospurs 96 detroitpistons 95 away
detroitpistons 95 sanantoniospurs 86 away
sanantoniospurs 81 detroitpistons 74 home
yearEnd
neworleanspelicans 93 sacramentokings 67 home
milwaukeebucks 117 philadelphiaSSers 108 away
dallasmavericks 111 phoenixsuns 108 away
sanantoniospurs 102 denvernuggets 91 home
bostonceltics 114 newyorkknicks 100 home
chicagobulls 109 charlottehornets 105 home
clevelandcavaliers 109 neworleanspelicans 87 home
losangeleslakers 99 denvernuggets 97 away
detroitpistons 108 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
goldenstatewarriors 122 atlantahawks 97 home
houstonrockets 98 sacramentokings 89 home
miamiheat 97 memphisgrizzlies 78 away
minnesotatimberwolves 90 portlandtrailblazers 86 home
milwaukeebucks 110 brooklynnets 96 away
indianapacers 90 orlandomagic 78 away
losangelesclippers 101 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
washingtonwizards 99 torontoraptors 96 away
utahjazz 93 dallasmavericks 82 home
phoenixsuns 122 losangeleslakers 112 away
indianapacers 105 miamiheat 102 away
detroitpistons 82 bostonceltics 81 away
denvernuggets 107 portlandtrailblazers 68 home
utahjazz 91 goldenstatewarriors 85 away
losangelesclippers 92 atlantahawks 77 home
washingtonwizards 86 newyorkknicks 75 away
memphisgrizzlies 94 orlandomagic 85 away
charlottehornets 110 philadelphiaSSers 93 away
sanantoniospurs 102 clevelandcavaliers 76 home
oklahomacitythunder 107 minnesotatimberwolves 102 home
brooklynnets 102 torontoraptors 92 away
charlottehornets 107 bostonceltics 105 home
dallasmavericks 103 sanantoniospurs 84 home
detroitpistons 117 torontoraptors 84 home
neworleanspelicans 91 houstonrockets 84 away
philadelphiaSSers 111 indianapacers 109 away
losangelesclippers 100 minnesotatimberwolves 99 home
memphisgrizzlies 113 clevelandcavaliers 106 home
milwaukeebucks 105 miamiheat 100 home
brooklynnets 100 chicagobulls 99 home
portlandtrailblazers 94 atlantahawks 93 home
phoenixsuns 97 utahjazz 88 away
washingtonwizards 87 orlandomagic 79 home
losangeleslakers 112 denvernuggets 92 home
goldenstatewarriors 83 newyorkknicks 81 away
sacramentokings 118 phoenixsuns 117 away
utahjazz 95 charlottehornets 91 away
sanantoniospurs 104 chicagobulls 95 away
miamiheat 90 brooklynnets 89 home
minnesotatimberwolves 93 losangelesclippers 78 home
clevelandcavaliers 105 torontoraptors 93 away
losangeleslakers 103 atlantahawks 97 away
orlandomagic 76 houstonrockets 74 away
memphisgrizzlies 94 oklahomacitythunder 69 home
goldenstatewarriors 110 milwaukeebucks 103 away
detroitpistons 102 sacramentokings 88 away
bostonceltics 99 memphisgrizzlies 98 home
sanantoniospurs 94 charlottehornets 86 away
chicagobulls 85 goldenstatewarriors 84 home
clevelandcavaliers 112 oklahomacitythunder 85 home
denvernuggets 107 sacramentokings 91 home
indianapacers 95 miamiheat 90 home
minnesotatimberwolves 88 losangeleslakers 74 home
brooklynnets 91 utahjazz 83 home
orlandomagic 88 neworleanspelicans 83 away
philadelphiaSSers 112 dallasmavericks 97 home
portlandtrailblazers 95 newyorkknicks 83 home
losangelesclippers 102 washingtonwizards 97 away
losangelesclippers 102 atlantahawks 95 away
miamiheat 88 houstonrockets 84 home
detroitpistons 111 phoenixsuns 104 away
sanantoniospurs 103 bostonceltics 82 away
dallasmavericks 98 charlottehornets 88 away
clevelandcavaliers 89 memphisgrizzlies 70 home
goldenstatewarriors 86 newyorkknicks 84 home
indianapacers 102 brooklynnets 90 home
philadelphiaSSers 85 losangeleslakers 81 home
detroitpistons 84 portlandtrailblazers 81 away
sacramentokings 101 denvernuggets 85 home
utahjazz 99 torontoraptors 84 away
washingtonwizards 137 oklahomacitythunder 96 home
memphisgrizzlies 85 atlantahawks 84 away
chicagobulls 103 utahjazz 98 home
miamiheat 108 charlottehornets 99 home
milwaukeebucks 103 indianapacers 102 home
houstonrockets 99 brooklynnets 91 away
dallasmavericks 109 neworleanspelicans 103 away
phoenixsuns 101 goldenstatewarriors 86 home
washingtonwizards 110 sanantoniospurs 95 home
bostonceltics 102 houstonrockets 82 home
denvernuggets 102 minnesotatimberwolves 91 home
clevelandcavaliers 108 orlandomagic 100 away
philadelphiaSSers 113 losangelesclippers 108 home
newyorkknicks 105 sacramentokings 95 away
oklahomacitythunder 126 torontoraptors 121 away
goldenstatewarriors 100 chicagobulls 82 home
memphisgrizzlies 85 losangeleslakers 73 home
newyorkknicks 73 utahjazz 62 away
clevelandcavaliers 114 washingtonwizards 99 home
dallasmavericks 83 denvernuggets 80 home
detroitpistons 115 bostonceltics 100 home
losangelesclippers 109 milwaukeebucks 85 home
miamiheat 109 neworleanspelicans 102 home
houstonrockets 94 minnesotatimberwolves 89 away
brooklynnets 109 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
orlandomagic 85 charlottehornets 77 home
philadelphiaSSers 104 torontoraptors 92 home
sacramentokings 119 utahjazz 83 home
sanantoniospurs 103 atlantahawks 79 home
oklahomacitythunder 113 bostonceltics 100 away
charlottehornets 122 indianapacers 90 home
milwaukeebucks 90 goldenstatewarriors 87 away
losangeleslakers 97 newyorkknicks 92 home
denvernuggets 91 neworleanspelicans 81 away
memphisgrizzlies 115 phoenixsuns 103 away
portlandtrailblazers 96 chicagobulls 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 121 torontoraptors 115 away
dallasmavericks 87 atlantahawks 78 home
minnesotatimberwolves 109 washingtonwizards 98 home
sanantoniospurs 86 houstonrockets 80 home
bostonceltics 100 torontoraptors 93 home
clevelandcavaliers 102 orlandomagic 84 home
denvernuggets 95 newyorkknicks 86 home
detroitpistons 78 houstonrockets 70 away
indianapacers 93 charlottehornets 85 home
losangelesclippers 97 losangeleslakers 91 home
miamiheat 106 philadelphiaSSers 96 home
neworleanspelicans 95 atlantahawks 92 home
phoenixsuns 102 utahjazz 94 home
goldenstatewarriors 91 portlandtrailblazers 80 away
sacramentokings 103 milwaukeebucks 82 home
oklahomacitythunder 98 chicagobulls 84 home
dallasmavericks 119 detroitpistons 82 home
minnesotatimberwolves 102 charlottehornets 89 home
brooklynnets 89 washingtonwizards 83 home
neworleanspelicans 98 orlandomagic 95 away
clevelandcavaliers 123 philadelphiaSSers 120 away
sanantoniospurs 97 phoenixsuns 91 home
memphisgrizzlies 80 utahjazz 72 away
denvernuggets 99 memphisgrizzlies 83 home
indianapacers 85 houstonrockets 74 home
losangelesclippers 113 goldenstatewarriors 101 home
chicagobulls 96 losangeleslakers 93 away
newyorkknicks 103 portlandtrailblazers 92 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 sacramentokings 104 home
torontoraptors 107 miamiheat 94 home
goldenstatewarriors 100 brooklynnets 97 home
philadelphiaSSers 103 neworleanspelicans 91 home
sanantoniospurs 96 sacramentokings 93 away
utahjazz 100 milwaukeebucks 80 home
clevelandcavaliers 115 bostonceltics 93 home
dallasmavericks 102 houstonrockets 93 home
portlandtrailblazers 95 memphisgrizzlies 87 away
phoenixsuns 90 torontoraptors 82 home
utahjazz 93 oklahomacitythunder 87 away
denvernuggets 108 washingtonwizards 105 away
atlantahawks 120 bostonceltics 117 home
charlottehornets 108 newyorkknicks 95 home
detroitpistons 114 denvernuggets 89 home
sanantoniospurs 113 goldenstatewarriors 89 away
phoenixsuns 100 houstonrockets 88 away
losangelesclippers 103 torontoraptors 100 home
miamiheat 100 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
milwaukeebucks 108 philadelphiaSSers 97 home
neworleanspelicans 84 minnesotatimberwolves 80 home
orlandomagic 91 washingtonwizards 83 home
sacramentokings 114 brooklynnets 105 home
indianapacers 98 clevelandcavaliers 76 home
losangeleslakers 108 oklahomacitythunder 96 home
bostonceltics 90 charlottehornets 89 home
denvernuggets 105 losangelesclippers 95 home
washingtonwizards 120 detroitpistons 114 away
atlantahawks 87 indianapacers 85 away
memphisgrizzlies 86 houstonrockets 81 home
dallasmavericks 103 miamiheat 90 away
minnesotatimberwolves 99 milwaukeebucks 91 home
orlandomagic 104 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
phoenixsuns 92 brooklynnets 81 home
sacramentokings 106 torontoraptors 104 home
chicagobulls 106 sanantoniospurs 99 away
goldenstatewarriors 94 utahjazz 90 away
charlottehornets 100 washingtonwizards 82 home
minnesotatimberwolves 89 clevelandcavaliers 85 away
memphisgrizzlies 112 dallasmavericks 92 away
goldenstatewarriors 117 torontoraptors 91 home
chicagobulls 94 houstonrockets 89 away
detroitpistons 85 milwaukeebucks 76 away
newyorkknicks 105 philadelphiaSSers 102 home
orlandomagic 80 miamiheat 77 home
neworleanspelicans 105 oklahomacitythunder 99 away
portlandtrailblazers 77 atlantahawks 75 away
indianapacers 97 losangelesclippers 92 away
brooklynnets 102 losangeleslakers 96 away
orlandomagic 87 bostonceltics 83 away
brooklynnets 101 denvernuggets 92 away
goldenstatewarriors 99 neworleanspelicans 83 home
miamiheat 107 newyorkknicks 94 home
dallasmavericks 93 torontoraptors 91 away
chicagobulls 85 orlandomagic 76 home
houstonrockets 100 atlantahawks 85 home
milwaukeebucks 113 dallasmavericks 111 home
losangelesclippers 93 minnesotatimberwolves 84 away
philadelphiaSSers 107 portlandtrailblazers 83 home
sacramentokings 110 charlottehornets 92 home
sanantoniospurs 90 losangeleslakers 84 home
indianapacers 84 utahjazz 60 away
miamiheat 96 atlantahawks 74 away
bostonceltics 110 philadelphiaSSers 103 home
clevelandcavaliers 112 losangelesclippers 105 home
neworleanspelicans 102 denvernuggets 95 away
goldenstatewarriors 113 sacramentokings 106 home
detroitpistons 93 brooklynnets 83 away
newyorkknicks 109 chicagobulls 101 home
phoenixsuns 109 indianapacers 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 charlottehornets 94 home
memphisgrizzlies 92 torontoraptors 66 away
washingtonwizards 96 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
sanantoniospurs 92 dallasmavericks 90 away
losangeleslakers 105 utahjazz 101 away
miamiheat 98 sacramentokings 87 away
oklahomacitythunder 115 clevelandcavaliers 108 home
milwaukeebucks 105 washingtonwizards 102 away
torontoraptors 102 atlantahawks 101 away
chicagobulls 106 bostonceltics 102 away
detroitpistons 106 newyorkknicks 98 home
goldenstatewarriors 107 charlottehornets 100 home
minnesotatimberwolves 113 losangeleslakers 108 away
memphisgrizzlies 91 orlandomagic 69 home
neworleanspelicans 88 philadelphiaSSers 86 home
phoenixsuns 102 denvernuggets 97 home
indianapacers 98 portlandtrailblazers 78 away
detroitpistons 92 chicagobulls 79 away
dallasmavericks 97 neworleanspelicans 88 home
denvernuggets 101 miamiheat 99 home
memphisgrizzlies 90 houstonrockets 75 away
losangelesclippers 102 clevelandcavaliers 90 home
milwaukeebucks 104 orlandomagic 84 home
torontoraptors 95 brooklynnets 82 away
sanantoniospurs 100 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
losangeleslakers 99 charlottehornets 98 home
bostonceltics 102 newyorkknicks 99 away
phoenixsuns 112 atlantahawks 94 home
utahjazz 98 portlandtrailblazers 93 away
minnesotatimberwolves 85 sacramentokings 77 away
oklahomacitythunder 107 indianapacers 102 home
dallasmavericks 102 chicagobulls 94 away
losangelesclippers 99 miamiheat 89 home
sanantoniospurs 110 orlandomagic 85 away
minnesotatimberwolves 91 utahjazz 77 away
denvernuggets 125 atlantahawks 116 home
houstonrockets 91 bostonceltics 73 home
dallasmavericks 84 indianapacers 75 away
memphisgrizzlies 89 neworleanspelicans 73 home
losangeleslakers 111 milwaukeebucks 92 away
phoenixsuns 130 portlandtrailblazers 85 home
clevelandcavaliers 102 sacramentokings 97 away
newyorkknicks 104 oklahomacitythunder 101 away
washingtonwizards 119 torontoraptors 111 home
brooklynnets 97 charlottehornets 84 away
phoenixsuns 118 goldenstatewarriors 110 away
losangelesclippers 84 newyorkknicks 79 home
bostonceltics 101 neworleanspelicans 87 away
chicagobulls 102 orlandomagic 93 away
milwaukeebucks 88 philadelphiaSSers 85 away
minnesotatimberwolves 84 portlandtrailblazers 74 away
sanantoniospurs 98 miamiheat 84 home
losangeleslakers 102 torontoraptors 91 away
utahjazz 95 atlantahawks 83 home
indianapacers 111 washingtonwizards 87 home
houstonrockets 106 sacramentokings 95 away
losangeleslakers 93 chicagobulls 80 away
brooklynnets 109 clevelandcavaliers 100 away
detroitpistons 106 goldenstatewarriors 103 away
dallasmavericks 90 memphisgrizzlies 83 away
denvernuggets 100 miamiheat 92 away
philadelphiaSSers 119 charlottehornets 115 home
phoenixsuns 85 newyorkknicks 81 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 neworleanspelicans 95 home
sanantoniospurs 101 bostonceltics 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 utahjazz 90 away
atlantahawks 94 sanantoniospurs 84 home
torontoraptors 111 charlottehornets 103 away
dallasmavericks 103 bostonceltics 94 home
indianapacers 80 memphisgrizzlies 66 home
losangelesclippers 101 phoenixsuns 91 home
milwaukeebucks 111 clevelandcavaliers 106 home
minnesotatimberwolves 95 losangeleslakers 82 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 brooklynnets 95 away
orlandomagic 94 denvernuggets 83 home
sacramentokings 123 oklahomacitythunder 104 away
chicagobulls 118 washingtonwizards 111 away
detroitpistons 109 losangelesclippers 101 away
miamiheat 104 washingtonwizards 101 home
houstonrockets 100 portlandtrailblazers 86 away
sacramentokings 110 neworleanspelicans 100 home
losangeleslakers 109 dallasmavericks 106 away
milwaukeebucks 112 newyorkknicks 92 away
philadelphiaSSers 90 minnesotatimberwolves 89 home
neworleanspelicans 91 phoenixsuns 87 away
utahjazz 92 detroitpistons 78 home
denvernuggets 101 charlottehornets 85 away
miamiheat 100 chicagobulls 97 away
atlantahawks 100 clevelandcavaliers 94 away
sacramentokings 93 minnesotatimberwolves 91 away
sanantoniospurs 95 losangelesclippers 87 home
goldenstatewarriors 110 oklahomacitythunder 107 away
washingtonwizards 94 brooklynnets 74 home
bostonceltics 85 indianapacers 71 home
dallasmavericks 102 phoenixsuns 96 home
detroitpistons 109 sacramentokings 98 home
houstonrockets 111 goldenstatewarriors 105 away
losangeleslakers 94 memphisgrizzlies 79 away
miamiheat 100 milwaukeebucks 83 away
charlottehornets 91 brooklynnets 83 away
neworleanspelicans 102 losangelesclippers 89 home
orlandomagic 105 newyorkknicks 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 106 atlantahawks 101 home
chicagobulls 105 torontoraptors 94 away
utahjazz 82 portlandtrailblazers 77 home
clevelandcavaliers 94 denvernuggets 85 home
sanantoniospurs 90 minnesotatimberwolves 88 away
houstonrockets 104 oklahomacitythunder 98 away
atlantahawks 122 newyorkknicks 111 home
milwaukeebucks 100 bostonceltics 96 away
dallasmavericks 109 orlandomagic 103 home
detroitpistons 110 chicagobulls 82 home
indianapacers 93 utahjazz 83 home
losangeleslakers 97 washingtonwizards 91 home
brooklynnets 115 denvernuggets 106 home
phoenixsuns 101 neworleanspelicans 88 away
miamiheat 112 philadelphiaSSers 105 away
oklahomacitythunder 111 portlandtrailblazers 99 away
goldenstatewarriors 108 torontoraptors 98 away
detroitpistons 103 charlottehornets 78 away
chicagobulls 118 bostonceltics 86 home
clevelandcavaliers 115 miamiheat 107 home
losangelesclippers 89 houstonrockets 81 home
memphisgrizzlies 91 phoenixsuns 87 home
utahjazz 88 milwaukeebucks 80 away
indianapacers 102 newyorkknicks 96 away
sanantoniospurs 90 sacramentokings 89 home
atlantahawks 110 denvernuggets 107 home
dallasmavericks 102 minnesotatimberwolves 95 home
houstonrockets 76 losangeleslakers 74 away
brooklynnets 118 goldenstatewarriors 90 home
neworleanspelicans 89 sanantoniospurs 76 home
portlandtrailblazers 97 washingtonwizards 92 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 torontoraptors 80 away
bostonceltics 109 goldenstatewarriors 98 home
charlottehornets 106 sacramentokings 103 home
detroitpistons 106 memphisgrizzlies 104 away
torontoraptors 92 orlandomagic 90 away
oklahomacitythunder 111 washingtonwizards 101 home
charlottehornets 105 chicagobulls 92 away
clevelandcavaliers 110 utahjazz 85 home
detroitpistons 93 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
losangeleslakers 112 dallasmavericks 90 home
miamiheat 111 atlantahawks 92 home
milwaukeebucks 109 sanantoniospurs 107 home
brooklynnets 99 losangelesclippers 85 home
phoenixsuns 111 oklahomacitythunder 83 home
bostonceltics 101 utahjazz 89 home
washingtonwizards 116 denvernuggets 110 away
torontoraptors 94 houstonrockets 81 away
indianapacers 97 losangelesclippers 75 home
memphisgrizzlies 89 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
minnesotatimberwolves 88 neworleanspelicans 69 home
sanantoniospurs 109 newyorkknicks 96 away
brooklynnets 96 orlandomagic 85 away
philadelphiaSSers 111 goldenstatewarriors 100 home
clevelandcavaliers 108 chicagobulls 100 away
dallasmavericks 105 sacramentokings 95 away
atlantahawks 111 philadelphiaSSers 108 home
losangelesclippers 97 charlottehornets 88 away
clevelandcavaliers 94 indianapacers 89 home
denvernuggets 108 houstonrockets 86 home
detroitpistons 97 goldenstatewarriors 85 home
memphisgrizzlies 95 chicagobulls 77 home
brooklynnets 95 miamiheat 88 away
milwaukeebucks 101 neworleanspelicans 94 home
portlandtrailblazers 91 minnesotatimberwolves 83 away
newyorkknicks 98 utahjazz 90 home
losangeleslakers 104 orlandomagic 88 away
washingtonwizards 112 phoenixsuns 111 away
sanantoniospurs 95 torontoraptors 90 home
dallasmavericks 101 oklahomacitythunder 98 away
detroitpistons 85 sanantoniospurs 70 home
miamiheat 97 losangeleslakers 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 102 chicagobulls 91 home
dallasmavericks 102 indianapacers 80 home
denvernuggets 118 goldenstatewarriors 112 away
phoenixsuns 103 minnesotatimberwolves 89 away
brooklynnets 109 newyorkknicks 101 away
orlandomagic 108 milwaukeebucks 93 home
portlandtrailblazers 105 sacramentokings 92 away
oklahomacitythunder 118 bostonceltics 111 home
utahjazz 105 memphisgrizzlies 102 home
washingtonwizards 94 losangeleslakers 91 home
charlottehornets 93 atlantahawks 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 108 denvernuggets 106 away
detroitpistons 113 torontoraptors 106 home
utahjazz 82 houstonrockets 74 away
sacramentokings 110 losangelesclippers 93 away
miamiheat 109 milwaukeebucks 98 home
brooklynnets 96 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
sanantoniospurs 99 indianapacers 86 home
charlottehornets 93 chicagobulls 80 home
goldenstatewarriors 111 bostonceltics 109 home
memphisgrizzlies 100 losangeleslakers 99 away
minnesotatimberwolves 108 oklahomacitythunder 95 home
neworleanspelicans 92 houstonrockets 90 home
orlandomagic 105 newyorkknicks 95 home
portlandtrailblazers 95 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
torontoraptors 108 atlantahawks 102 home
phoenixsuns 104 washingtonwizards 99 away
oklahomacitythunder 112 denvernuggets 105 away
detroitpistons 106 miamiheat 101 home
sanantoniospurs 111 neworleanspelicans 84 home
phoenixsuns 110 charlottehornets 100 away
goldenstatewarriors 111 dallasmavericks 109 away
torontoraptors 99 indianapacers 97 away
milwaukeebucks 113 newyorkknicks 108 home
brooklynnets 99 atlantahawks 91 home
orlandomagic 107 minnesotatimberwolves 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 93 portlandtrailblazers 90 away
sacramentokings 116 bostonceltics 112 home
miamiheat 128 washingtonwizards 113 away
phoenixsuns 107 chicagobulls 98 away
clevelandcavaliers 97 detroitpistons 84 home
sanantoniospurs 98 denvernuggets 88 away
goldenstatewarriors 94 houstonrockets 89 away
bostonceltics 111 losangelesclippers 92 away
dallasmavericks 95 neworleanspelicans 90 away
memphisgrizzlies 100 oklahomacitythunder 96 away
utahjazz 108 philadelphiaSSers 102 home
utahjazz 98 losangeleslakers 94 away
miamiheat 97 minnesotatimberwolves 70 home
losangelesclippers 100 portlandtrailblazers 94 away
milwaukeebucks 93 chicagobulls 92 away
denvernuggets 120 bostonceltics 110 home
indianapacers 115 oklahomacitythunder 96 home
neworleanspelicans 103 charlottehornets 86 home
newyorkknicks 140 phoenixsuns 133 home
torontoraptors 108 atlantahawks 97 away
dallasmavericks 95 portlandtrailblazers 81 home
detroitpistons 108 orlandomagic 99 home
memphisgrizzlies 104 goldenstatewarriors 94 home
philadelphiaSSers 111 sacramentokings 98 away
utahjazz 90 losangeleslakers 80 home
houstonrockets 123 washingtonwizards 111 away
bostonceltics 109 charlottehornets 106 home
oklahomacitythunder 101 chicagobulls 97 away
denvernuggets 106 indianapacers 86 home
clevelandcavaliers 91 milwaukeebucks 84 away
minnesotatimberwolves 91 dallasmavericks 78 home
neworleanspelicans 107 miamiheat 92 home
phoenixsuns 105 philadelphiaSSers 85 home
sanantoniospurs 106 portlandtrailblazers 75 home
torontoraptors 121 orlandomagic 97 home
houstonrockets 90 clevelandcavaliers 81 away
indianapacers 99 goldenstatewarriors 89 away
atlantahawks 103 bostonceltics 98 away
dallasmavericks 114 denvernuggets 112 away
detroitpistons 97 oklahomacitythunder 85 home
losangeleslakers 119 philadelphiaSSers 93 home
memphisgrizzlies 87 utahjazz 65 home
chicagobulls 105 milwaukeebucks 91 away
brooklynnets 113 orlandomagic 106 home
neworleanspelicans 90 portlandtrailblazers 80 home
newyorkknicks 113 washingtonwizards 92 home
phoenixsuns 111 miamiheat 93 home
sacramentokings 118 losangelesclippers 114 home
sanantoniospurs 83 minnesotatimberwolves 77 home
torontoraptors 112 houstonrockets 92 home
atlantahawks 101 neworleanspelicans 93 home
chicagobulls 111 memphisgrizzlies 82 home
clevelandcavaliers 96 milwaukeebucks 88 home
dallasmavericks 83 minnesotatimberwolves 79 home
utahjazz 94 detroitpistons 90 away
losangeleslakers 112 losangelesclippers 109 home
orlandomagic 108 charlottehornets 92 home
phoenixsuns 91 sanantoniospurs 86 home
washingtonwizards 103 bostonceltics 102 home
newyorkknicks 120 oklahomacitythunder 116 home
miamiheat 118 portlandtrailblazers 89 away
indianapacers 108 sacramentokings 83 away
brooklynnets 105 torontoraptors 104 away
denvernuggets 92 houstonrockets 90 away
dallasmavericks 104 bostonceltics 102 away
chicagobulls 113 torontoraptors 104 home
losangeleslakers 96 indianapacers 90 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
utahjazz 97 washingtonwizards 89 away
bostonceltics 98 atlantahawks 94 away
charlottehornets 111 houstonrockets 106 home
newyorkknicks 92 clevelandcavaliers 84 away
denvernuggets 139 phoenixsuns 137 home
losangelesclippers 90 orlandomagic 73 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 sacramentokings 85 home
milwaukeebucks 95 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
detroitpistons 96 neworleanspelicans 86 away
sanantoniospurs 96 brooklynnets 91 home
miamiheat 110 goldenstatewarriors 96 away
sacramentokings 88 houstonrockets 80 away
indianapacers 112 milwaukeebucks 88 home
minnesotatimberwolves 99 chicagobulls 93 home
newyorkknicks 117 dallasmavericks 115 home
utahjazz 110 philadelphiaSSers 102 away
portlandtrailblazers 113 losangeleslakers 103 home
oklahomacitythunder 113 orlandomagic 104 home
torontoraptors 95 charlottehornets 86 home
washingtonwizards 103 atlantahawks 72 home
losangeleslakers 99 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
phoenixsuns 112 goldenstatewarriors 99 home
detroitpistons 83 sanantoniospurs 68 away
milwaukeebucks 103 charlottehornets 102 away
washingtonwizards 94 indianapacers 85 away
memphisgrizzlies 81 brooklynnets 69 home
minnesotatimberwolves 103 denvernuggets 89 home
neworleanspelicans 90 sacramentokings 76 home
newyorkknicks 105 atlantahawks 94 home
philadelphiaSSers 125 bostonceltics 124 home
portlandtrailblazers 113 orlandomagic 108 home
miamiheat 117 oklahomacitythunder 104 away
washingtonwizards 114 atlantahawks 106 away
indianapacers 91 chicagobulls 89 away
dallasmavericks 110 brooklynnets 77 home
detroitpistons 114 charlottehornets 91 home
losangeleslakers 110 goldenstatewarriors 104 away
neworleanspelicans 86 houstonrockets 80 away
losangelesclippers 98 oklahomacitythunder 72 home
denvernuggets 100 milwaukeebucks 93 away
phoenixsuns 115 clevelandcavaliers 106 home
sanantoniospurs 80 memphisgrizzlies 79 home
miamiheat 100 utahjazz 94 away
portlandtrailblazers 89 clevelandcavaliers 87 home
sacramentokings 104 orlandomagic 100 home
torontoraptors 129 newyorkknicks 103 home
atlantahawks 94 houstonrockets 83 home
neworleanspelicans 107 charlottehornets 92 away
denvernuggets 97 chicagobulls 94 away
dallasmavericks 114 milwaukeebucks 95 home
detroitpistons 94 bostonceltics 84 home
goldenstatewarriors 109 oklahomacitythunder 93 home
losangelesclippers 102 utahjazz 93 home
losangeleslakers 100 miamiheat 92 home
sanantoniospurs 93 memphisgrizzlies 83 away
brooklynnets 97 indianapacers 92 home
minnesotatimberwolves 96 newyorkknicks 90 away
washingtonwizards 104 philadelphiaSSers 76 home
sacramentokings 119 phoenixsuns 90 home
utahjazz 111 torontoraptors 98 home
detroitpistons 117 atlantahawks 89 away
bostonceltics 103 minnesotatimberwolves 96 home
chicagobulls 106 newyorkknicks 104 home
denvernuggets 90 clevelandcavaliers 89 home
dallasmavericks 103 houstonrockets 76 away
indianapacers 98 charlottehornets 92 home
phoenixsuns 112 losangelesclippers 102 away
neworleanspelicans 87 memphisgrizzlies 79 home
orlandomagic 106 washingtonwizards 98 home
brooklynnets 101 philadelphiaSSers 90 away
portlandtrailblazers 96 torontoraptors 94 home
sanantoniospurs 95 milwaukeebucks 92 home
detroitpistons 105 newyorkknicks 79 away
sacramentokings 118 losangeleslakers 109 home
milwaukeebucks 118 atlantahawks 102 away
bostonceltics 99 brooklynnets 96 home
orlandomagic 104 charlottehornets 93 away
houstonrockets 109 chicagobulls 108 away
denvernuggets 113 utahjazz 83 home
goldenstatewarriors 99 clevelandcavaliers 79 home
dallasmavericks 101 losangelesclippers 81 away
sanantoniospurs 101 miamiheat 94 away
minnesotatimberwolves 90 indianapacers 85 home
philadelphiaSSers 89 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
phoenixsuns 106 losangeleslakers 93 home
torontoraptors 121 oklahomacitythunder 113 away
washingtonwizards 110 neworleanspelicans 99 home
chicagobulls 101 indianapacers 89 away
milwaukeebucks 101 charlottehornets 91 home
brooklynnets 103 bostonceltics 83 home
neworleanspelicans 109 newyorkknicks 98 away
orlandomagic 83 sacramentokings 78 home
clevelandcavaliers 108 utahjazz 90 away
detroitpistons 99 houstonrockets 97 home
losangelesclippers 105 goldenstatewarriors 92 home
losangeleslakers 122 torontoraptors 104 home
miamiheat 119 sacramentokings 99 home
philadelphiaSSers 86 minnesotatimberwolves 84 away
oklahomacitythunder 152 phoenixsuns 149 away
dallasmavericks 95 portlandtrailblazers 89 away
denvernuggets 89 sanantoniospurs 85 away
memphisgrizzlies 93 washingtonwizards 82 away
atlantahawks 104 indianapacers 94 home
bostonceltics 91 neworleanspelicans 78 home
denvernuggets 107 torontoraptors 101 home
losangelesclippers 96 goldenstatewarriors 93 away
houstonrockets 97 milwaukeebucks 80 away
utahjazz 89 brooklynnets 78 home
clevelandcavaliers 96 indianapacers 66 home
miamiheat 94 memphisgrizzlies 82 home
detroitpistons 107 minnesotatimberwolves 83 away
orlandomagic 111 phoenixsuns 102 home
philadelphiaSSers 109 sacramentokings 103 home
sanantoniospurs 104 charlottehornets 76 home
clevelandcavaliers 106 atlantahawks 97 away
washingtonwizards 89 bostonceltics 87 away
detroitpistons 106 milwaukeebucks 102 home
dallasmavericks 102 goldenstatewarriors 93 away
houstonrockets 102 charlottehornets 78 home
losangelesclippers 90 brooklynnets 77 home
memphisgrizzlies 107 minnesotatimberwolves 87 home
sanantoniospurs 84 neworleanspelicans 68 away
sacramentokings 106 newyorkknicks 102 away
denvernuggets 97 portlandtrailblazers 94 away
chicagobulls 104 torontoraptors 88 away
oklahomacitythunder 113 utahjazz 94 away
phoenixsuns 107 miamiheat 98 away
orlandomagic 119 philadelphiaSSers 115 away
dallasmavericks 104 oklahomacitythunder 97 away
phoenixsuns 110 atlantahawks 106 away
bostonceltics 84 sacramentokings 74 home
miamiheat 91 charlottehornets 85 away
chicagobulls 90 washingtonwizards 79 home
losangelesclippers 105 denvernuggets 87 away
detroitpistons 95 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
minnesotatimberwolves 96 houstonrockets 92 away
clevelandcavaliers 93 indianapacers 89 away
losangeleslakers 106 goldenstatewarriors 105 home
milwaukeebucks 108 torontoraptors 87 home
newyorkknicks 97 orlandomagic 94 home
portlandtrailblazers 88 brooklynnets 83 home
chicagobulls 111 atlantahawks 99 home
dallasmavericks 103 utahjazz 89 home
goldenstatewarriors 98 portlandtrailblazers 83 home
losangelesclippers 112 denvernuggets 79 home
neworleanspelicans 95 memphisgrizzlies 86 away
philadelphiaSSers 91 newyorkknicks 76 home
sanantoniospurs 102 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 113 brooklynnets 104 home
washingtonwizards 107 charlottehornets 97 home
clevelandcavaliers 113 phoenixsuns 106 home
detroitpistons 102 losangeleslakers 93 home
miamiheat 101 houstonrockets 95 away
milwaukeebucks 83 bostonceltics 79 home
philadelphiaSSers 89 orlandomagic 81 away
torontoraptors 124 sacramentokings 123 home
atlantahawks 120 newyorkknicks 101 home
clevelandcavaliers 103 charlottehornets 91 away
memphisgrizzlies 86 houstonrockets 77 home
miamiheat 118 losangelesclippers 114 home
minnesotatimberwolves 110 bostonceltics 85 home
neworleanspelicans 94 milwaukeebucks 93 home
portlandtrailblazers 116 oklahomacitythunder 111 away
sanantoniospurs 79 utahjazz 70 away
dallasmavericks 98 chicagobulls 94 home
brooklynnets 91 detroitpistons 84 home
losangeleslakers 130 newyorkknicks 97 away
phoenixsuns 123 philadelphiaSSers 99 away
sacramentokings 98 denvernuggets 91 home
washingtonwizards 84 indianapacers 79 home
phoenixsuns 102 bostonceltics 94 away
atlantahawks 102 charlottehornets 92 away
clevelandcavaliers 91 brooklynnets 85 home
detroitpistons 90 minnesotatimberwolves 74 home
houstonrockets 86 milwaukeebucks 84 home
indianapacers 105 losangeleslakers 79 home
dallasmavericks 81 memphisgrizzlies 80 away
neworleanspelicans 100 chicagobulls 95 home
losangelesclippers 106 orlandomagic 94 away
sanantoniospurs 86 portlandtrailblazers 82 away
oklahomacitythunder 111 goldenstatewarriors 107 home
torontoraptors 117 washingtonwizards 112 home
utahjazz 103 denvernuggets 90 home
sanantoniospurs 89 goldenstatewarriors 86 away
miamiheat 101 clevelandcavaliers 73 home
atlantahawks 96 orlandomagic 94 home
losangelesclippers 98 bostonceltics 81 away
charlottehornets 112 losangeleslakers 102 home
houstonrockets 100 oklahomacitythunder 77 home
detroitpistons 87 philadelphiaSSers 80 away
portlandtrailblazers 89 minnesotatimberwolves 85 home
torontoraptors 104 newyorkknicks 90 home
utahjazz 89 sacramentokings 79 home
philadelphiaSSers 100 clevelandcavaliers 95 away
dallasmavericks 110 oklahomacitythunder 91 home
denvernuggets 105 portlandtrailblazers 104 home
goldenstatewarriors 109 minnesotatimberwolves 77 home
indianapacers 93 detroitpistons 85 home
milwaukeebucks 88 memphisgrizzlies 78 home
brooklynnets 105 miamiheat 92 home
neworleanspelicans 106 losangeleslakers 90 home
orlandomagic 100 bostonceltics 91 home
phoenixsuns 118 chicagobulls 101 home
washingtonwizards 98 atlantahawks 85 home
houstonrockets 93 newyorkknicks 89 away
sacramentokings 96 utahjazz 78 home
losangelesclippers 115 torontoraptors 113 away
charlottehornets 119 oklahomacitythunder 106 home
clevelandcavaliers 89 milwaukeebucks 86 home
goldenstatewarriors 122 denvernuggets 114 home
miamiheat 114 bostonceltics 98 home
brooklynnets 99 neworleanspelicans 91 home
houstonrockets 87 philadelphiaSSers 81 away
minnesotatimberwolves 103 phoenixsuns 101 away
utahjazz 109 chicagobulls 107 home
washingtonwizards 94 orlandomagic 82 home
atlantahawks 99 detroitpistons 98 home
dallasmavericks 102 losangeleslakers 87 home
losangelesclippers 85 newyorkknicks 82 away
sacramentokings 104 memphisgrizzlies 96 home
charlottehornets 100 philadelphiaSSers 92 home
chicagobulls 110 denvernuggets 107 away
detroitpistons 97 losangelesclippers 87 home
losangeleslakers 89 houstonrockets 78 away
indianapacers 101 portlandtrailblazers 69 home
milwaukeebucks 94 orlandomagic 89 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 minnesotatimberwolves 91 away
brooklynnets 96 newyorkknicks 83 home
neworleanspelicans 109 oklahomacitythunder 102 home
phoenixsuns 108 memphisgrizzlies 102 home
sanantoniospurs 125 torontoraptors 118 away
washingtonwizards 129 goldenstatewarriors 124 home
dallasmavericks 112 miamiheat 76 home
sacramentokings 98 chicagobulls 80 home
bostonceltics 115 portlandtrailblazers 83 home
torontoraptors 88 charlottehornets 73 away
denvernuggets 113 dallasmavericks 104 home
indianapacers 107 goldenstatewarriors 95 home
losangelesclippers 91 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
utahjazz 94 minnesotatimberwolves 80 away
sanantoniospurs 83 brooklynnets 73 away
neworleanspelicans 111 newyorkknicks 100 home
detroitpistons 84 orlandomagic 73 away
phoenixsuns 112 sacramentokings 104 home
oklahomacitythunder 99 atlantahawks 91 home
washingtonwizards 101 clevelandcavaliers 89 home
memphisgrizzlies 100 losangeleslakers 99 away
milwaukeebucks 99 charlottehornets 93 home
neworleanspelicans 100 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
goldenstatewarriors 99 clevelandcavaliers 91 away
houstonrockets 102 utahjazz 88 home
bostonceltics 102 orlandomagic 94 home
houstonrockets 90 newyorkknicks 83 home
sanantoniospurs 92 indianapacers 88 away
chicagobulls 97 losangelesclippers 91 away
miamiheat 100 detroitpistons 98 home
brooklynnets 94 milwaukeebucks 79 home
sacramentokings 109 atlantahawks 84 home
denvernuggets 120 oklahomacitythunder 112 away
torontoraptors 114 portlandtrailblazers 81 home
washingtonwizards 107 philadelphiaSSers 97 home
portlandtrailblazers 91 charlottehornets 83 away
clevelandcavaliers 101 sanantoniospurs 87 home
dallasmavericks 100 newyorkknicks 72 home
memphisgrizzlies 81 goldenstatewarriors 79 away
losangeleslakers 94 utahjazz 88 home
torontoraptors 98 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
neworleanspelicans 97 washingtonwizards 96 home
sacramentokings 105 chicagobulls 101 away
detroitpistons 85 brooklynnets 71 home
houstonrockets 128 losangelesclippers 97 away
miamiheat 107 orlandomagic 93 home
milwaukeebucks 106 oklahomacitythunder 91 home
clevelandcavaliers 113 bostonceltics 109 away
brooklynnets 95 charlottehornets 94 away
dallasmavericks 103 washingtonwizards 97 home
phoenixsuns 116 denvernuggets 101 away
goldenstatewarriors 88 losangelesclippers 81 home
indianapacers 88 milwaukeebucks 77 home
atlantahawks 114 losangeleslakers 110 away
memphisgrizzlies 84 sacramentokings 78 home
minnesotatimberwolves 102 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
neworleanspelicans 102 portlandtrailblazers 86 home
newyorkknicks 98 torontoraptors 96 home
miamiheat 110 orlandomagic 100 away
philadelphiaSSers 103 sanantoniospurs 100 home
chicagobulls 117 philadelphiaSSers 84 home
phoenixsuns 109 houstonrockets 75 home
clevelandcavaliers 105 orlandomagic 92 home
dallasmavericks 93 losangelesclippers 91 home
denvernuggets 100 charlottehornets 84 home
detroitpistons 97 atlantahawks 87 home
indianapacers 97 neworleanspelicans 75 home
losangeleslakers 99 portlandtrailblazers 82 home
memphisgrizzlies 94 torontoraptors 88 home
brooklynnets 89 milwaukeebucks 85 away
sacramentokings 102 goldenstatewarriors 77 home
sanantoniospurs 103 oklahomacitythunder 78 home
bostonceltics 103 utahjazz 83 away
washingtonwizards 90 minnesotatimberwolves 78 home
oklahomacitythunder 114 atlantahawks 109 away
chicagobulls 97 milwaukeebucks 91 home
houstonrockets 106 losangelesclippers 102 home
brooklynnets 96 orlandomagic 93 home
utahjazz 82 neworleanspelicans 76 away
miamiheat 103 newyorkknicks 83 away
philadelphiaSSers 116 clevelandcavaliers 107 home
phoenixsuns 103 bostonceltics 94 home
charlottehornets 110 portlandtrailblazers 106 away
dallasmavericks 97 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
detroitpistons 88 indianapacers 83 home
losangeleslakers 106 sacramentokings 85 home
detroitpistons 95 chicagobulls 87 away
washingtonwizards 102 clevelandcavaliers 94 away
houstonrockets 91 goldenstatewarriors 88 home
atlantahawks 117 indianapacers 112 away
losangelesclippers 102 losangeleslakers 83 home
sanantoniospurs 83 memphisgrizzlies 80 away
philadelphiaSSers 116 milwaukeebucks 111 away
denvernuggets 102 minnesotatimberwolves 101 away
brooklynnets 94 newyorkknicks 90 away
orlandomagic 102 oklahomacitythunder 89 home
bostonceltics 102 portlandtrailblazers 96 away
milwaukeebucks 99 atlantahawks 89 away
dallasmavericks 115 torontoraptors 113 home
miamiheat 115 oklahomacitythunder 106 home
philadelphiaSSers 108 chicagobulls 102 home
phoenixsuns 136 charlottehornets 121 home
sanantoniospurs 92 goldenstatewarriors 75 home
neworleanspelicans 100 utahjazz 95 away
washingtonwizards 110 newyorkknicks 89 home
detroitpistons 90 clevelandcavaliers 78 home
bostonceltics 112 losangeleslakers 111 away
minnesotatimberwolves 105 memphisgrizzlies 99 home
indianapacers 101 brooklynnets 91 away
houstonrockets 89 orlandomagic 84 away
neworleanspelicans 88 portlandtrailblazers 75 away
atlantahawks 104 brooklynnets 102 home
detroitpistons 84 clevelandcavaliers 72 away
dallasmavericks 104 philadelphiaSSers 92 home
milwaukeebucks 110 denvernuggets 89 away
utahjazz 117 goldenstatewarriors 108 away
phoenixsuns 111 houstonrockets 94 away
losangelesclippers 95 charlottehornets 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 108 washingtonwizards 98 home
miamiheat 101 torontoraptors 94 home
sacramentokings 115 portlandtrailblazers 91 home
sanantoniospurs 121 newyorkknicks 93 home
chicagobulls 111 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
losangeleslakers 102 orlandomagic 87 home
oklahomacitythunder 114 neworleanspelicans 104 home
miamiheat 103 bostonceltics 96 away
sacramentokings 97 clevelandcavaliers 90 away
denvernuggets 98 detroitpistons 87 home
goldenstatewarriors 98 orlandomagic 94 home
philadelphiaSSers 106 houstonrockets 101 away
losangelesclippers 89 neworleanspelicans 67 home
memphisgrizzlies 101 newyorkknicks 99 home
minnesotatimberwolves 100 brooklynnets 90 home
phoenixsuns 123 milwaukeebucks 110 home
portlandtrailblazers 99 losangeleslakers 93 home
atlantahawks 113 torontoraptors 111 away
charlottehornets 104 utahjazz 89 away
indianapacers 99 washingtonwizards 93 away
clevelandcavaliers 92 chicagobulls 91 away
sanantoniospurs 98 dallasmavericks 89 home
sacramentokings 102 atlantahawks 93 away
bostonceltics 99 indianapacers 98 home
dallasmavericks 90 charlottehornets 76 home
losangeleslakers 106 goldenstatewarriors 94 away
houstonrockets 89 denvernuggets 78 home
chicagobulls 108 newyorkknicks 101 away
philadelphiaSSers 119 washingtonwizards 113 home
phoenixsuns 123 orlandomagic 118 home
detroitpistons 98 oklahomacitythunder 96 away
utahjazz 105 losangelesclippers 103 home
denvernuggets 110 orlandomagic 94 home
losangeleslakers 105 detroitpistons 94 home
miamiheat 95 atlantahawks 93 home
newyorkknicks 103 milwaukeebucks 98 away
brooklynnets 105 torontoraptors 100 home
sanantoniospurs 101 portlandtrailblazers 81 home
clevelandcavaliers 91 chicagobulls 72 home
phoenixsuns 115 dallasmavericks 107 away
houstonrockets 102 portlandtrailblazers 84 home
memphisgrizzlies 102 losangelesclippers 86 away
minnesotatimberwolves 103 goldenstatewarriors 90 home
indianapacers 94 philadelphiaSSers 93 away
oklahomacitythunder 113 utahjazz 81 home
torontoraptors 111 bostonceltics 105 home
washingtonwizards 117 sacramentokings 107 home
miamiheat 106 charlottehornets 105 away
denvernuggets 115 memphisgrizzlies 101 home
sanantoniospurs 103 losangeleslakers 96 away
sacramentokings 109 brooklynnets 84 away
phoenixsuns 101 neworleanspelicans 88 away
utahjazz 90 orlandomagic 85 home
atlantahawks 113 goldenstatewarriors 106 home
chicagobulls 95 brooklynnets 87 home
clevelandcavaliers 106 torontoraptors 99 home
dallasmavericks 93 portlandtrailblazers 87 home
newyorkknicks 107 indianapacers 92 away
losangelesclippers 98 sanantoniospurs 85 home
houstonrockets 93 minnesotatimberwolves 87 away
bostonceltics 116 washingtonwizards 115 away
bostonceltics 104 philadelphiaSSers 101 home
charlottehornets 104 goldenstatewarriors 101 home
detroitpistons 106 chicagobulls 101 home
houstonrockets 103 indianapacers 99 home
miamiheat 118 washingtonwizards 112 home
sacramentokings 123 milwaukeebucks 116 away
losangeleslakers 113 neworleanspelicans 107 away
memphisgrizzlies 99 oklahomacitythunder 74 away
clevelandcavaliers 98 torontoraptors 97 away
utahjazz 96 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
denvernuggets 97 philadelphiaSSers 93 away
sanantoniospurs 117 phoenixsuns 93 away
dallasmavericks 109 portlandtrailblazers 92 away
milwaukeebucks 92 bostonceltics 86 away
losangelesclippers 107 chicagobulls 96 away
goldenstatewarriors 111 miamiheat 106 away
indianapacers 92 neworleanspelicans 90 away
orlandomagic 102 clevelandcavaliers 73 home
sacramentokings 105 memphisgrizzlies 93 home
losangeleslakers 100 sanantoniospurs 92 away
oklahomacitythunder 107 minnesotatimberwolves 96 home
denvernuggets 108 torontoraptors 97 away
chicagobulls 95 atlantahawks 90 away
charlottehornets 116 newyorkknicks 109 home
losangelesclippers 106 milwaukeebucks 98 away
orlandomagic 103 goldenstatewarriors 92 home
phoenixsuns 110 minnesotatimberwolves 102 home
dallasmavericks 90 utahjazz 87 away
washingtonwizards 110 detroitpistons 92 home
bostonceltics 106 denvernuggets 101 home
detroitpistons 94 charlottehornets 78 home
oklahomacitythunder 120 losangeleslakers 113 away
philadelphiaSSers 94 memphisgrizzlies 91 away
miamiheat 98 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
brooklynnets 95 neworleanspelicans 84 away
portlandtrailblazers 111 phoenixsuns 101 home
sacramentokings 85 dallasmavericks 80 home
sanantoniospurs 88 houstonrockets 81 home
torontoraptors 93 indianapacers 89 home
brooklynnets 90 houstonrockets 77 away
indianapacers 97 orlandomagic 83 home
losangelesclippers 95 minnesotatimberwolves 87 home
milwaukeebucks 88 atlantahawks 87 home
denvernuggets 108 newyorkknicks 96 away
washingtonwizards 119 charlottehornets 114 away
chicagobulls 95 portlandtrailblazers 66 home
dallasmavericks 91 clevelandcavaliers 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 93 bostonceltics 76 home
miamiheat 121 utahjazz 83 home
torontoraptors 111 philadelphiaSSers 97 away
sacramentokings 114 losangeleslakers 98 home
sanantoniospurs 96 neworleanspelicans 81 home
phoenixsuns 129 oklahomacitythunder 120 away
dallasmavericks 95 houstonrockets 81 away
denvernuggets 101 indianapacers 99 away
losangeleslakers 92 minnesotatimberwolves 89 home
milwaukeebucks 104 chicagobulls 88 home
brooklynnets 78 portlandtrailblazers 65 home
newyorkknicks 121 atlantahawks 117 home
orlandomagic 114 utahjazz 108 home
phoenixsuns 126 losangelesclippers 95 home
detroitpistons 105 torontoraptors 98 away
washingtonwizards 107 charlottehornets 99 home
goldenstatewarriors 105 minnesotatimberwolves 97 home
miamiheat 107 bostonceltics 104 home
oklahomacitythunder 102 philadelphiaSSers 98 home
utahjazz 111 atlantahawks 101 away
clevelandcavaliers 99 portlandtrailblazers 84 home
indianapacers 98 sacramentokings 93 home
losangelesclippers 99 philadelphiaSSers 89 home
memphisgrizzlies 116 denvernuggets 102 home
brooklynnets 92 losangeleslakers 89 home
newyorkknicks 105 detroitpistons 103 home
orlandomagic 84 bostonceltics 77 home
sanantoniospurs 108 phoenixsuns 102 home
torontoraptors 97 milwaukeebucks 96 home
dallasmavericks 104 washingtonwizards 94 away
detroitpistons 108 charlottehornets 103 away
miamiheat 85 chicagobulls 84 away
sanantoniospurs 92 houstonrockets 77 away
milwaukeebucks 97 portlandtrailblazers 93 home
denvernuggets 109 neworleanspelicans 94 away
atlantahawks 108 orlandomagic 107 home
clevelandcavaliers 96 losangeleslakers 95 home
goldenstatewarriors 98 philadelphiaSSers 89 home
bostonceltics 103 indianapacers 88 away
memphisgrizzlies 90 utahjazz 84 home
minnesotatimberwolves 95 sacramentokings 89 home
brooklynnets 100 dallasmavericks 89 home
miamiheat 111 newyorkknicks 100 away
washingtonwizards 113 chicagobulls 104 home
losangeleslakers 105 bostonceltics 97 away
detroitpistons 91 atlantahawks 84 home
losangelesclippers 99 houstonrockets 91 away
milwaukeebucks 100 portlandtrailblazers 93 away
neworleanspelicans 120 losangelesclippers 108 home
torontoraptors 114 newyorkknicks 109 away
sacramentokings 105 oklahomacitythunder 96 home
sanantoniospurs 107 goldenstatewarriors 96 home
utahjazz 107 phoenixsuns 99 home
brooklynnets 112 washingtonwizards 100 away
charlottehornets 108 orlandomagic 102 home
dallasmavericks 88 houstonrockets 72 home
memphisgrizzlies 105 indianapacers 75 home
minnesotatimberwolves 100 miamiheat 96 home
bostonceltics 110 torontoraptors 96 home
clevelandcavaliers 120 charlottehornets 118 home
denvernuggets 104 sanantoniospurs 92 home
detroitpistons 82 miamiheat 73 home
indianapacers 95 chicagobulls 85 home
losangeleslakers 87 sacramentokings 80 home
orlandomagic 111 newyorkknicks 87 home
philadelphiaSSers 115 atlantahawks 106 home
oklahomacitythunder 114 milwaukeebucks 105 home
goldenstatewarriors 122 dallasmavericks 121 away
memphisgrizzlies 95 losangelesclippers 85 home
brooklynnets 86 minnesotatimberwolves 82 home
houstonrockets 93 neworleanspelicans 92 away
phoenixsuns 125 portlandtrailblazers 108 home
washingtonwizards 109 utahjazz 97 away
chicagobulls 96 neworleanspelicans 82 home
clevelandcavaliers 94 bostonceltics 82 home
denvernuggets 117 oklahomacitythunder 104 home
detroitpistons 75 indianapacers 72 away
losangeleslakers 101 milwaukeebucks 96 home
miamiheat 114 charlottehornets 93 home
memphisgrizzlies 91 newyorkknicks 75 away
orlandomagic 102 philadelphiaSSers 86 away
sanantoniospurs 98 portlandtrailblazers 79 away
torontoraptors 97 minnesotatimberwolves 77 home
dallasmavericks 98 atlantahawks 83 away
losangelesclippers 116 washingtonwizards 101 home
phoenixsuns 107 denvernuggets 96 home
sacramentokings 91 utahjazz 89 away
chicagobulls 101 bostonceltics 97 away
brooklynnets 79 detroitpistons 74 away
clevelandcavaliers 104 houstonrockets 102 away
indianapacers 92 philadelphiaSSers 79 home
losangeleslakers 105 neworleanspelicans 94 home
memphisgrizzlies 102 charlottehornets 95 home
milwaukeebucks 125 torontoraptors 116 home
minnesotatimberwolves 98 newyorkknicks 94 home
orlandomagic 108 atlantahawks 101 home
losangelesclippers 97 portlandtrailblazers 83 away
goldenstatewarriors 90 sacramentokings 83 away
oklahomacitythunder 106 sanantoniospurs 102 home
washingtonwizards 116 goldenstatewarriors 98 away
miamiheat 96 indianapacers 91 home
brooklynnets 110 phoenixsuns 72 home
utahjazz 104 neworleanspelicans 80 home
charlottehornets 125 atlantahawks 117 home
orlandomagic 97 chicagobulls 93 away
detroitpistons 97 dallasmavericks 90 home
sanantoniospurs 98 losangelesclippers 87 away
oklahomacitythunder 98 memphisgrizzlies 97 away
milwaukeebucks 132 phoenixsuns 110 home
washingtonwizards 97 sacramentokings 84 away
atlantahawks 94 indianapacers 93 home
clevelandcavaliers 107 dallasmavericks 94 home
utahjazz 115 denvernuggets 104 away
neworleanspelicans 86 goldenstatewarriors 85 away
houstonrockets 115 oklahomacitythunder 87 home
minnesotatimberwolves 103 orlandomagic 91 home
brooklynnets 86 memphisgrizzlies 74 home
bostonceltics 123 newyorkknicks 98 away
detroitpistons 101 philadelphiaSSers 91 away
sacramentokings 106 portlandtrailblazers 90 away
miamiheat 98 torontoraptors 94 away
phoenixsuns 114 indianapacers 104 away
sanantoniospurs 96 losangeleslakers 85 away
brooklynnets 91 atlantahawks 88 away
chicagobulls 113 charlottehornets 107 away
denvernuggets 106 minnesotatimberwolves 94 home
detroitpistons 112 milwaukeebucks 105 home
sacramentokings 96 goldenstatewarriors 93 away
houstonrockets 105 washingtonwizards 103 home
losangelesclippers 106 utahjazz 91 home
neworleanspelicans 107 memphisgrizzlies 102 home
philadelphiaSSers 117 newyorkknicks 112 away
orlandomagic 108 dallasmavericks 99 home
losangeleslakers 106 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
phoenixsuns 140 torontoraptors 126 away
chicagobulls 100 bostonceltics 94 home
clevelandcavaliers 106 miamiheat 99 home
milwaukeebucks 96 indianapacers 89 home
utahjazz 102 portlandtrailblazers 89 away
sanantoniospurs 106 washingtonwizards 99 home
clevelandcavaliers 101 charlottehornets 97 away
dallasmavericks 103 denvernuggets 79 home
detroitpistons 109 phoenixsuns 102 home
losangeleslakers 104 houstonrockets 88 home
memphisgrizzlies 98 atlantahawks 87 home
minnesotatimberwolves 106 goldenstatewarriors 104 home
brooklynnets 90 miamiheat 78 home
philadelphiaSSers 114 newyorkknicks 95 home
sacramentokings 106 losangelesclippers 96 home
oklahomacitythunder 122 portlandtrailblazers 83 home
neworleanspelicans 120 torontoraptors 113 away
charlottehornets 97 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
chicagobulls 102 indianapacers 96 home
clevelandcavaliers 124 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
dallasmavericks 127 sacramentokings 101 home
detroitpistons 101 neworleanspelicans 93 home
losangelesclippers 111 denvernuggets 109 home
memphisgrizzlies 100 goldenstatewarriors 75 home
miamiheat 115 milwaukeebucks 89 home
brooklynnets 96 atlantahawks 94 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 houstonrockets 87 home
bostonceltics 124 torontoraptors 120 away
sanantoniospurs 95 utahjazz 86 away
washingtonwizards 105 newyorkknicks 90 home
atlantahawks 101 minnesotatimberwolves 99 home
washingtonwizards 108 bostonceltics 91 away
indianapacers 111 torontoraptors 103 home
neworleanspelicans 114 goldenstatewarriors 109 home
newyorkknicks 96 clevelandcavaliers 94 home
orlandomagic 108 milwaukeebucks 105 home
chicagobulls 99 philadelphiaSSers 92 away
losangelesclippers 119 phoenixsuns 105 away
portlandtrailblazers 76 houstonrockets 75 home
sacramentokings 97 sanantoniospurs 87 away
denvernuggets 110 losangeleslakers 108 home
detroitpistons 95 miamiheat 82 away
brooklynnets 113 charlottehornets 102 home
atlantahawks 114 washingtonwizards 101 home
houstonrockets 100 goldenstatewarriors 93 away
sacramentokings 96 losangelesclippers 93 away
memphisgrizzlies 100 milwaukeebucks 90 home
utahjazz 103 minnesotatimberwolves 95 away
neworleanspelicans 95 torontoraptors 89 home
newyorkknicks 98 indianapacers 96 home
orlandomagic 89 detroitpistons 87 home
bostonceltics 109 philadelphiaSSers 99 away
phoenixsuns 107 losangeleslakers 96 home
oklahomacitythunder 121 portlandtrailblazers 108 away
dallasmavericks 92 sanantoniospurs 86 away
philadelphiaSSers 89 chicagobulls 75 away
dallasmavericks 101 neworleanspelicans 77 home
denvernuggets 95 goldenstatewarriors 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 108 brooklynnets 102 away
utahjazz 110 portlandtrailblazers 93 home
miamiheat 99 washingtonwizards 86 away
newyorkknicks 101 bostonceltics 86 away
detroitpistons 98 indianapacers 73 home
losangeleslakers 100 losangelesclippers 83 home
orlandomagic 93 miamiheat 84 away
brooklynnets 95 milwaukeebucks 83 away
minnesotatimberwolves 84 atlantahawks 83 home
sacramentokings 86 houstonrockets 77 home
sanantoniospurs 83 memphisgrizzlies 81 home
oklahomacitythunder 116 phoenixsuns 114 home
charlottehornets 94 torontoraptors 88 away
indianapacers 101 newyorkknicks 82 home
dallasmavericks 75 losangelesclippers 73 away
clevelandcavaliers 103 neworleanspelicans 101 away
orlandomagic 105 atlantahawks 88 home
philadelphiaSSers 105 washingtonwizards 97 home
denvernuggets 110 portlandtrailblazers 98 away
utahjazz 85 houstonrockets 83 home
chicagobulls 104 brooklynnets 101 home
losangeleslakers 111 goldenstatewarriors 100 home
memphisgrizzlies 92 minnesotatimberwolves 76 home
miamiheat 106 torontoraptors 97 home
phoenixsuns 123 sacramentokings 110 away
sanantoniospurs 104 oklahomacitythunder 95 home
chicagobulls 96 atlantahawks 90 away
memphisgrizzlies 96 charlottehornets 88 away
detroitpistons 96 clevelandcavaliers 73 home
goldenstatewarriors 114 dallasmavericks 102 home
minnesotatimberwolves 82 houstonrockets 79 away
indianapacers 117 bostonceltics 112 home
losangelesclippers 97 portlandtrailblazers 93 home
milwaukeebucks 100 washingtonwizards 97 home
philadelphiaSSers 116 brooklynnets 96 away
neworleanspelicans 104 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
orlandomagic 103 torontoraptors 96 home
utahjazz 104 denvernuggets 83 home
clevelandcavaliers 91 newyorkknicks 87 home
phoenixsuns 117 dallasmavericks 104 home
orlandomagic 92 sanantoniospurs 80 away
charlottehornets 116 atlantahawks 110 away
brooklynnets 79 bostonceltics 74 away
chicagobulls 103 washingtonwizards 101 home
goldenstatewarriors 110 phoenixsuns 102 home
indianapacers 89 minnesotatimberwolves 77 home
losangeleslakers 110 portlandtrailblazers 99 home
miamiheat 104 philadelphiaSSers 85 home
utahjazz 105 neworleanspelicans 104 away
milwaukeebucks 97 newyorkknicks 80 away
losangelesclippers 101 oklahomacitythunder 97 away
torontoraptors 108 detroitpistons 103 home
charlottehornets 92 indianapacers 91 home
sacramentokings 100 denvernuggets 82 away
memphisgrizzlies 93 houstonrockets 81 away
atlantahawks 120 milwaukeebucks 114 away
orlandomagic 102 philadelphiaSSers 97 home
goldenstatewarriors 86 portlandtrailblazers 81 away
dallasmavericks 111 utahjazz 95 home
detroitpistons 103 newyorkknicks 97 home
oklahomacitythunder 114 losangelesclippers 98 away
losangeleslakers 109 phoenixsuns 89 home
chicagobulls 117 miamiheat 93 away
sanantoniospurs 103 minnesotatimberwolves 90 away
brooklynnets 95 bostonceltics 93 home
sacramentokings 96 neworleanspelicans 79 home
washingtonwizards 104 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 93 bostonceltics 88 away
houstonrockets 86 denvernuggets 83 away
goldenstatewarriors 93 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
milwaukeebucks 113 detroitpistons 93 home
charlottehornets 98 newyorkknicks 91 away
chicagobulls 116 orlandomagic 112 away
phoenixsuns 115 neworleanspelicans 78 home
sanantoniospurs 115 utahjazz 82 home
indianapacers 120 torontoraptors 95 away
atlantahawks 103 miamiheat 100 home
memphisgrizzlies 101 losangelesclippers 95 home
philadelphiaSSers 91 brooklynnets 88 home
sacramentokings 111 oklahomacitythunder 105 home
washingtonwizards 116 milwaukeebucks 103 home
bostonceltics 85 miamiheat 78 home
charlottehornets 96 philadelphiaSSers 86 home
chicagobulls 127 torontoraptors 106 home
clevelandcavaliers 100 atlantahawks 99 home
losangelesclippers 85 dallasmavericks 71 away
washingtonwizards 96 detroitpistons 80 away
sanantoniospurs 89 houstonrockets 87 away
indianapacers 89 orlandomagic 83 home
losangeleslakers 115 neworleanspelicans 95 home
memphisgrizzlies 102 minnesotatimberwolves 92 away
newyorkknicks 90 brooklynnets 83 away
phoenixsuns 106 portlandtrailblazers 96 away
oklahomacitythunder 109 denvernuggets 98 home
utahjazz 105 goldenstatewarriors 102 home
playoffs
clevelandcavaliers 97 washingtonwizards 86 home
losangelesclippers 89 denvernuggets 87 home
miamiheat 111 chicagobulls 106 home
sanantoniospurs 122 sacramentokings 88 home
dallasmavericks 103 memphisgrizzlies 93 home
detroitpistons 92 milwaukeebucks 74 home
indianapacers 90 brooklynnets 88 away
phoenixsuns 107 losangeleslakers 102 home
losangelesclippers 98 denvernuggets 87 home
miamiheat 115 chicagobulls 108 home
washingtonwizards 89 clevelandcavaliers 84 away
brooklynnets 90 indianapacers 75 home
sanantoniospurs 128 sacramentokings 119 home
dallasmavericks 94 memphisgrizzlies 79 home
detroitpistons 109 milwaukeebucks 98 home
losangeleslakers 99 phoenixsuns 93 away
chicagobulls 109 miamiheat 90 home
denvernuggets 94 losangelesclippers 87 home
indianapacers 107 brooklynnets 95 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 washingtonwizards 96 away
losangeleslakers 99 phoenixsuns 92 home
sacramentokings 94 sanantoniospurs 93 home
losangelesclippers 100 denvernuggets 86 away
brooklynnets 97 indianapacers 88 away
dallasmavericks 94 memphisgrizzlies 89 away
milwaukeebucks 124 detroitpistons 104 home
chicagobulls 93 miamiheat 87 home
losangeleslakers 99 phoenixsuns 98 home
sacramentokings 102 sanantoniospurs 84 home
washingtonwizards 106 clevelandcavaliers 96 home
losangelesclippers 101 denvernuggets 83 home
dallasmavericks 102 memphisgrizzlies 76 away
detroitpistons 109 milwaukeebucks 99 away
miamiheat 92 chicagobulls 78 home
brooklynnets 92 indianapacers 86 home
phoenixsuns 114 losangeleslakers 97 home
sanantoniospurs 109 sacramentokings 98 home
clevelandcavaliers 121 washingtonwizards 120 home
detroitpistons 122 milwaukeebucks 93 home
miamiheat 113 chicagobulls 96 away
brooklynnets 96 indianapacers 90 away
phoenixsuns 126 losangeleslakers 118 away
sanantoniospurs 105 sacramentokings 83 away
clevelandcavaliers 114 washingtonwizards 113 away
phoenixsuns 121 losangeleslakers 90 home
detroitpistons 113 clevelandcavaliers 86 home
sanantoniospurs 87 dallasmavericks 85 home
brooklynnets 100 miamiheat 88 away
phoenixsuns 130 losangelesclippers 123 home
detroitpistons 97 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
dallasmavericks 113 sanantoniospurs 91 away
miamiheat 111 brooklynnets 89 home
losangelesclippers 122 phoenixsuns 97 away
phoenixsuns 94 losangelesclippers 91 away
miamiheat 103 brooklynnets 92 away
clevelandcavaliers 86 detroitpistons 77 home
dallasmavericks 104 sanantoniospurs 103 home
losangelesclippers 114 phoenixsuns 107 home
miamiheat 102 brooklynnets 92 away
clevelandcavaliers 74 detroitpistons 72 home
dallasmavericks 123 sanantoniospurs 118 home
miamiheat 106 brooklynnets 105 home
phoenixsuns 125 losangelesclippers 118 home
clevelandcavaliers 86 detroitpistons 84 away
sanantoniospurs 98 dallasmavericks 97 home
losangelesclippers 118 phoenixsuns 106 home
detroitpistons 84 clevelandcavaliers 82 away
sanantoniospurs 91 dallasmavericks 86 away
detroitpistons 79 clevelandcavaliers 61 home
phoenixsuns 127 losangelesclippers 107 home
dallasmavericks 119 sanantoniospurs 111 away
miamiheat 91 detroitpistons 86 away
phoenixsuns 121 dallasmavericks 118 away
detroitpistons 92 miamiheat 88 home
dallasmavericks 105 phoenixsuns 98 home
miamiheat 98 detroitpistons 83 home
dallasmavericks 95 phoenixsuns 88 away
miamiheat 89 detroitpistons 78 home
phoenixsuns 106 dallasmavericks 86 home
detroitpistons 91 miamiheat 78 home
dallasmavericks 117 phoenixsuns 101 home
miamiheat 95 detroitpistons 78 home
dallasmavericks 102 phoenixsuns 93 away
dallasmavericks 90 miamiheat 80 home
dallasmavericks 99 miamiheat 85 home
miamiheat 98 dallasmavericks 96 home
miamiheat 98 dallasmavericks 74 home
miamiheat 101 dallasmavericks 100 home
miamiheat 95 dallasmavericks 92 away
yearEnd
losangeleslakers 114 phoenixsuns 106 home
chicagobulls 108 miamiheat 66 away
neworleanspelicans 91 bostonceltics 87 away
indianapacers 106 charlottehornets 99 away
clevelandcavaliers 97 washingtonwizards 94 home
milwaukeebucks 105 detroitpistons 97 away
losangeleslakers 110 goldenstatewarriors 98 away
newyorkknicks 118 memphisgrizzlies 117 away
minnesotatimberwolves 92 sacramentokings 83 home
brooklynnets 102 torontoraptors 92 home
orlandomagic 109 chicagobulls 94 home
philadelphiaSSers 88 atlantahawks 75 home
phoenixsuns 112 losangelesclippers 104 home
portlandtrailblazers 110 oklahomacitythunder 106 away
utahjazz 107 houstonrockets 97 home
sanantoniospurs 97 dallasmavericks 91 away
losangelesclippers 96 denvernuggets 95 home
atlantahawks 102 newyorkknicks 92 home
detroitpistons 101 bostonceltics 88 away
sacramentokings 89 chicagobulls 88 away
minnesotatimberwolves 112 denvernuggets 109 away
goldenstatewarriors 102 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
neworleanspelicans 100 indianapacers 91 away
losangeleslakers 118 oklahomacitythunder 112 home
memphisgrizzlies 96 charlottehornets 83 home
miamiheat 91 brooklynnets 85 home
philadelphiaSSers 105 orlandomagic 103 away
utahjazz 108 phoenixsuns 104 away
clevelandcavaliers 88 sanantoniospurs 81 away
torontoraptors 109 milwaukeebucks 92 home
charlottehornets 92 clevelandcavaliers 88 home
detroitpistons 95 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
houstonrockets 107 dallasmavericks 76 home
losangelesclippers 114 phoenixsuns 108 home
milwaukeebucks 104 sacramentokings 91 home
indianapacers 109 newyorkknicks 95 away
portlandtrailblazers 88 minnesotatimberwolves 86 home
utahjazz 106 goldenstatewarriors 82 home
washingtonwizards 124 bostonceltics 117 home
atlantahawks 95 orlandomagic 82 home
neworleanspelicans 96 houstonrockets 90 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 miamiheat 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 117 losangeleslakers 101 home
sanantoniospurs 103 torontoraptors 94 away
chicagobulls 110 milwaukeebucks 85 home
goldenstatewarriors 107 dallasmavericks 104 away
losangelesclippers 102 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
sanantoniospurs 105 newyorkknicks 93 away
orlandomagic 106 washingtonwizards 103 home
sacramentokings 93 minnesotatimberwolves 81 home
utahjazz 103 detroitpistons 101 home
atlantahawks 104 clevelandcavaliers 95 away
indianapacers 97 philadelphiaSSers 86 home
losangeleslakers 95 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
houstonrockets 86 memphisgrizzlies 80 away
miamiheat 90 oklahomacitythunder 87 home
neworleanspelicans 97 goldenstatewarriors 93 home
bostonceltics 110 charlottehornets 108 home
newyorkknicks 109 denvernuggets 107 away
losangelesclippers 103 dallasmavericks 85 home
houstonrockets 97 milwaukeebucks 93 away
brooklynnets 96 utahjazz 89 home
orlandomagic 88 oklahomacitythunder 87 home
portlandtrailblazers 101 losangeleslakers 90 home
sacramentokings 99 detroitpistons 86 home
sanantoniospurs 111 phoenixsuns 106 home
torontoraptors 106 philadelphiaSSers 104 home
washingtonwizards 117 indianapacers 91 home
clevelandcavaliers 113 chicagobulls 94 home
goldenstatewarriors 121 neworleanspelicans 116 home
dallasmavericks 119 phoenixsuns 112 away
utahjazz 107 bostonceltics 100 away
oklahomacitythunder 99 charlottehornets 85 away
houstonrockets 103 newyorkknicks 94 home
indianapacers 93 orlandomagic 83 home
detroitpistons 97 losangeleslakers 83 away
miamiheat 113 brooklynnets 106 away
denvernuggets 108 philadelphiaSSers 101 away
portlandtrailblazers 92 neworleanspelicans 91 home
atlantahawks 111 torontoraptors 102 away
washingtonwizards 116 milwaukeebucks 111 home
oklahomacitythunder 113 atlantahawks 112 away
chicagobulls 89 indianapacers 80 home
clevelandcavaliers 94 bostonceltics 93 home
goldenstatewarriors 111 detroitpistons 79 home
utahjazz 113 milwaukeebucks 111 away
orlandomagic 109 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
phoenixsuns 96 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
sanantoniospurs 100 newyorkknicks 92 home
denvernuggets 108 charlottehornets 101 away
losangelesclippers 92 neworleanspelicans 76 home
losangeleslakers 91 memphisgrizzlies 81 home
houstonrockets 94 miamiheat 72 away
dallasmavericks 103 portlandtrailblazers 96 away
sacramentokings 107 torontoraptors 92 home
brooklynnets 105 washingtonwizards 93 away
orlandomagic 92 bostonceltics 89 away
oklahomacitythunder 119 brooklynnets 113 away
clevelandcavaliers 102 newyorkknicks 96 away
milwaukeebucks 103 atlantahawks 101 away
dallasmavericks 111 chicagobulls 99 home
goldenstatewarriors 110 torontoraptors 99 home
sanantoniospurs 92 houstonrockets 84 away
denvernuggets 112 miamiheat 105 away
minnesotatimberwolves 101 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
neworleanspelicans 94 charlottehornets 85 home
utahjazz 112 losangelesclippers 90 home
bostonceltics 114 indianapacers 88 home
clevelandcavaliers 100 portlandtrailblazers 87 home
neworleanspelicans 100 detroitpistons 99 away
brooklynnets 100 milwaukeebucks 87 home
newyorkknicks 102 washingtonwizards 82 home
orlandomagic 108 denvernuggets 99 home
sacramentokings 115 memphisgrizzlies 111 home
charlottehornets 95 sanantoniospurs 92 away
philadelphiaSSers 96 oklahomacitythunder 90 away
goldenstatewarriors 117 sacramentokings 105 home
houstonrockets 101 chicagobulls 100 home
bostonceltics 118 portlandtrailblazers 90 home
clevelandcavaliers 92 minnesotatimberwolves 76 home
detroitpistons 100 washingtonwizards 91 home
brooklynnets 100 indianapacers 91 away
losangeleslakers 107 torontoraptors 100 home
dallasmavericks 115 memphisgrizzlies 103 away
newyorkknicks 100 miamiheat 76 away
phoenixsuns 106 philadelphiaSSers 94 home
sanantoniospurs 100 chicagobulls 83 home
utahjazz 118 oklahomacitythunder 109 away
miamiheat 93 atlantahawks 88 away
dallasmavericks 89 memphisgrizzlies 84 home
denvernuggets 117 torontoraptors 109 home
detroitpistons 104 houstonrockets 92 home
goldenstatewarriors 107 oklahomacitythunder 95 home
losangelesclippers 103 philadelphiaSSers 97 home
indianapacers 102 milwaukeebucks 100 away
neworleanspelicans 99 minnesotatimberwolves 96 away
portlandtrailblazers 86 brooklynnets 68 away
bostonceltics 122 newyorkknicks 118 away
orlandomagic 97 charlottehornets 83 home
utahjazz 120 phoenixsuns 117 home
washingtonwizards 111 clevelandcavaliers 99 home
losangeleslakers 82 chicagobulls 72 home
sanantoniospurs 108 sacramentokings 99 away
dallasmavericks 93 charlottehornets 85 away
phoenixsuns 113 goldenstatewarriors 110 away
memphisgrizzlies 95 orlandomagic 86 home
houstonrockets 97 newyorkknicks 90 away
sanantoniospurs 107 portlandtrailblazers 98 away
oklahomacitythunder 99 brooklynnets 87 home
utahjazz 101 torontoraptors 96 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 memphisgrizzlies 94 home
dallasmavericks 107 washingtonwizards 80 home
denvernuggets 113 chicagobulls 109 home
indianapacers 93 milwaukeebucks 88 home
losangeleslakers 105 losangelesclippers 101 home
neworleanspelicans 101 miamiheat 86 home
detroitpistons 97 philadelphiaSSers 87 away
charlottehornets 92 bostonceltics 83 home
detroitpistons 103 atlantahawks 98 home
denvernuggets 115 goldenstatewarriors 112 away
houstonrockets 86 washingtonwizards 82 home
oklahomacitythunder 95 losangelesclippers 85 away
milwaukeebucks 98 philadelphiaSSers 94 home
minnesotatimberwolves 107 newyorkknicks 89 home
orlandomagic 96 indianapacers 91 home
phoenixsuns 92 neworleanspelicans 83 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 brooklynnets 97 home
utahjazz 110 sacramentokings 101 away
sanantoniospurs 106 miamiheat 86 home
torontoraptors 95 clevelandcavaliers 87 home
atlantahawks 97 torontoraptors 93 home
newyorkknicks 101 bostonceltics 77 away
denvernuggets 140 goldenstatewarriors 129 home
detroitpistons 104 charlottehornets 95 home
indianapacers 97 clevelandcavaliers 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 95 washingtonwizards 80 home
orlandomagic 107 miamiheat 104 away
minnesotatimberwolves 86 neworleanspelicans 79 away
philadelphiaSSers 123 chicagobulls 108 home
phoenixsuns 99 brooklynnets 93 home
dallasmavericks 95 sanantoniospurs 92 away
sacramentokings 109 oklahomacitythunder 100 away
utahjazz 114 losangeleslakers 108 home
bostonceltics 111 milwaukeebucks 98 away
minnesotatimberwolves 104 losangelesclippers 96 home
chicagobulls 106 newyorkknicks 95 away
orlandomagic 98 atlantahawks 79 home
sacramentokings 105 portlandtrailblazers 85 home
detroitpistons 115 washingtonwizards 111 away
miamiheat 102 charlottehornets 93 away
clevelandcavaliers 108 philadelphiaSSers 95 home
dallasmavericks 85 neworleanspelicans 73 home
goldenstatewarriors 91 utahjazz 78 home
houstonrockets 85 memphisgrizzlies 76 home
denvernuggets 103 losangelesclippers 88 home
losangeleslakers 99 brooklynnets 93 home
phoenixsuns 119 portlandtrailblazers 101 away
sanantoniospurs 98 oklahomacitythunder 78 away
torontoraptors 92 indianapacers 83 home
dallasmavericks 93 minnesotatimberwolves 87 home
goldenstatewarriors 111 sanantoniospurs 102 home
miamiheat 103 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
orlandomagic 88 utahjazz 75 away
chicagobulls 102 newyorkknicks 85 home
memphisgrizzlies 108 denvernuggets 96 away
houstonrockets 82 minnesotatimberwolves 75 home
milwaukeebucks 109 losangeleslakers 105 away
charlottehornets 96 brooklynnets 92 away
torontoraptors 94 neworleanspelicans 77 away
indianapacers 105 portlandtrailblazers 97 away
sacramentokings 93 losangelesclippers 80 home
washingtonwizards 96 atlantahawks 95 home
atlantahawks 99 charlottehornets 90 home
brooklynnets 106 bostonceltics 103 away
newyorkknicks 101 clevelandcavaliers 98 away
dallasmavericks 117 torontoraptors 98 home
indianapacers 108 goldenstatewarriors 106 away
losangelesclippers 105 memphisgrizzlies 90 home
phoenixsuns 102 houstonrockets 91 home
orlandomagic 94 oklahomacitythunder 84 away
utahjazz 83 sanantoniospurs 75 home
losangeleslakers 132 utahjazz 102 home
detroitpistons 87 miamiheat 85 away
clevelandcavaliers 106 atlantahawks 95 away
dallasmavericks 109 sacramentokings 90 home
detroitpistons 108 newyorkknicks 100 home
denvernuggets 106 minnesotatimberwolves 92 away
chicagobulls 111 neworleanspelicans 108 away
phoenixsuns 122 milwaukeebucks 116 home
orlandomagic 91 portlandtrailblazers 89 away
oklahomacitythunder 105 indianapacers 103 home
torontoraptors 106 bostonceltics 102 home
washingtonwizards 121 charlottehornets 109 home
chicagobulls 112 washingtonwizards 94 home
denvernuggets 121 indianapacers 101 home
milwaukeebucks 115 goldenstatewarriors 110 away
houstonrockets 81 clevelandcavaliers 63 home
losangeleslakers 97 losangelesclippers 88 home
miamiheat 98 memphisgrizzlies 97 away
brooklynnets 112 philadelphiaSSers 107 home
torontoraptors 103 newyorkknicks 100 away
sanantoniospurs 100 sacramentokings 98 home
utahjazz 109 oklahomacitythunder 107 home
charlottehornets 97 detroitpistons 89 home
losangelesclippers 116 orlandomagic 91 home
minnesotatimberwolves 95 philadelphiaSSers 84 away
atlantahawks 107 portlandtrailblazers 96 away
chicagobulls 100 bostonceltics 82 home
losangeleslakers 101 indianapacers 87 home
newyorkknicks 98 memphisgrizzlies 90 home
orlandomagic 92 sacramentokings 89 away
sanantoniospurs 129 goldenstatewarriors 89 home
utahjazz 101 milwaukeebucks 88 home
washingtonwizards 106 dallasmavericks 97 home
portlandtrailblazers 88 detroitpistons 85 away
houstonrockets 118 goldenstatewarriors 90 home
losangelesclippers 101 miamiheat 97 home
dallasmavericks 92 brooklynnets 75 away
phoenixsuns 127 sacramentokings 102 home
oklahomacitythunder 102 atlantahawks 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 98 bostonceltics 96 away
sanantoniospurs 96 charlottehornets 76 away
chicagobulls 121 philadelphiaSSers 94 home
clevelandcavaliers 95 torontoraptors 91 home
atlantahawks 98 denvernuggets 96 away
indianapacers 94 orlandomagic 80 home
neworleanspelicans 105 losangeleslakers 89 away
milwaukeebucks 102 portlandtrailblazers 94 home
minnesotatimberwolves 90 houstonrockets 84 home
washingtonwizards 113 newyorkknicks 102 away
detroitpistons 92 dallasmavericks 82 away
phoenixsuns 161 brooklynnets 157 away
miamiheat 93 sacramentokings 91 away
phoenixsuns 116 bostonceltics 111 away
houstonrockets 92 charlottehornets 62 away
chicagobulls 93 torontoraptors 90 home
denvernuggets 123 miamiheat 107 home
indianapacers 108 portlandtrailblazers 95 home
losangeleslakers 106 atlantahawks 95 home
milwaukeebucks 100 memphisgrizzlies 94 home
minnesotatimberwolves 110 utahjazz 103 home
detroitpistons 87 orlandomagic 83 away
washingtonwizards 113 philadelphiaSSers 98 away
sanantoniospurs 111 losangelesclippers 82 home
oklahomacitythunder 94 neworleanspelicans 74 home
minnesotatimberwolves 91 chicagobulls 81 away
clevelandcavaliers 107 indianapacers 75 home
dallasmavericks 105 denvernuggets 90 home
goldenstatewarriors 101 neworleanspelicans 80 home
losangelesclippers 89 memphisgrizzlies 82 away
bostonceltics 92 brooklynnets 90 away
newyorkknicks 115 milwaukeebucks 107 home
orlandomagic 86 philadelphiaSSers 84 home
houstonrockets 114 washingtonwizards 109 away
phoenixsuns 114 charlottehornets 84 away
losangeleslakers 106 sanantoniospurs 99 home
sacramentokings 117 atlantahawks 92 home
oklahomacitythunder 117 goldenstatewarriors 115 home
portlandtrailblazers 93 torontoraptors 83 away
chicagobulls 106 indianapacers 91 home
sanantoniospurs 103 losangelesclippers 81 away
miamiheat 99 torontoraptors 77 home
brooklynnets 105 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
neworleanspelicans 95 clevelandcavaliers 89 home
bostonceltics 97 newyorkknicks 90 away
phoenixsuns 103 orlandomagic 89 away
portlandtrailblazers 81 philadelphiaSSers 79 away
utahjazz 101 dallasmavericks 79 home
denvernuggets 100 atlantahawks 87 away
goldenstatewarriors 126 sacramentokings 113 home
losangeleslakers 102 houstonrockets 94 away
milwaukeebucks 94 oklahomacitythunder 93 home
chicagobulls 99 oklahomacitythunder 84 home
clevelandcavaliers 104 charlottehornets 101 home
dallasmavericks 110 losangeleslakers 101 home
indianapacers 101 detroitpistons 90 home
utahjazz 105 losangelesclippers 86 away
portlandtrailblazers 85 memphisgrizzlies 79 away
phoenixsuns 99 miamiheat 89 away
brooklynnets 108 milwaukeebucks 95 home
newyorkknicks 94 atlantahawks 82 home
torontoraptors 91 orlandomagic 84 away
bostonceltics 101 philadelphiaSSers 81 away
sanantoniospurs 95 minnesotatimberwolves 82 home
washingtonwizards 120 denvernuggets 91 home
charlottehornets 99 orlandomagic 89 home
goldenstatewarriors 109 houstonrockets 107 home
sanantoniospurs 103 neworleanspelicans 77 away
bostonceltics 119 denvernuggets 114 home
chicagobulls 117 milwaukeebucks 111 home
clevelandcavaliers 106 oklahomacitythunder 84 home
dallasmavericks 93 philadelphiaSSers 79 home
indianapacers 112 newyorkknicks 96 home
losangeleslakers 112 houstonrockets 101 home
atlantahawks 97 memphisgrizzlies 88 away
phoenixsuns 105 goldenstatewarriors 101 home
portlandtrailblazers 109 losangelesclippers 99 home
torontoraptors 90 brooklynnets 78 home
sacramentokings 98 utahjazz 97 away
washingtonwizards 106 miamiheat 95 home
chicagobulls 106 atlantahawks 104 away
bostonceltics 106 charlottehornets 100 away
miamiheat 98 memphisgrizzlies 90 home
milwaukeebucks 108 minnesotatimberwolves 104 home
detroitpistons 90 brooklynnets 82 away
dallasmavericks 90 neworleanspelicans 79 away
denvernuggets 123 newyorkknicks 100 away
orlandomagic 81 clevelandcavaliers 74 home
phoenixsuns 105 sacramentokings 98 away
sanantoniospurs 103 philadelphiaSSers 98 home
detroitpistons 97 oklahomacitythunder 93 home
utahjazz 104 indianapacers 94 away
houstonrockets 108 losangelesclippers 103 away
washingtonwizards 147 losangeleslakers 141 away
torontoraptors 120 goldenstatewarriors 115 home
denvernuggets 117 washingtonwizards 108 home
memphisgrizzlies 134 oklahomacitythunder 126 home
miamiheat 101 neworleanspelicans 99 home
brooklynnets 105 goldenstatewarriors 97 home
newyorkknicks 97 utahjazz 96 home
dallasmavericks 109 sacramentokings 91 away
chicagobulls 94 losangeleslakers 89 home
phoenixsuns 115 torontoraptors 98 home
utahjazz 112 atlantahawks 106 away
goldenstatewarriors 96 bostonceltics 95 away
torontoraptors 98 losangelesclippers 96 away
milwaukeebucks 121 miamiheat 95 home
losangeleslakers 111 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
brooklynnets 113 clevelandcavaliers 111 home
newyorkknicks 111 charlottehornets 109 home
orlandomagic 86 neworleanspelicans 83 home
indianapacers 101 philadelphiaSSers 93 away
portlandtrailblazers 89 houstonrockets 87 home
sanantoniospurs 105 memphisgrizzlies 98 home
dallasmavericks 103 oklahomacitythunder 95 away
detroitpistons 87 clevelandcavaliers 71 away
washingtonwizards 126 sacramentokings 119 away
indianapacers 100 atlantahawks 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 98 bostonceltics 83 away
charlottehornets 101 utahjazz 89 home
dallasmavericks 115 losangelesclippers 83 home
sacramentokings 101 denvernuggets 96 away
milwaukeebucks 113 minnesotatimberwolves 107 away
losangeleslakers 99 brooklynnets 95 away
neworleanspelicans 100 memphisgrizzlies 97 home
newyorkknicks 103 chicagobulls 92 home
goldenstatewarriors 117 orlandomagic 108 away
washingtonwizards 144 phoenixsuns 139 away
torontoraptors 101 portlandtrailblazers 100 away
houstonrockets 97 sanantoniospurs 78 away
chicagobulls 115 charlottehornets 76 home
clevelandcavaliers 86 orlandomagic 83 home
detroitpistons 108 atlantahawks 81 home
losangelesclippers 98 houstonrockets 93 away
minnesotatimberwolves 78 indianapacers 71 away
utahjazz 100 memphisgrizzlies 97 away
miamiheat 105 goldenstatewarriors 92 home
milwaukeebucks 115 brooklynnets 104 home
sanantoniospurs 112 neworleanspelicans 77 away
philadelphiaSSers 98 newyorkknicks 77 home
oklahomacitythunder 110 torontoraptors 97 home
miamiheat 101 losangeleslakers 85 home
dallasmavericks 97 charlottehornets 84 home
denvernuggets 116 bostonceltics 105 home
detroitpistons 92 brooklynnets 91 home
goldenstatewarriors 116 philadelphiaSSers 97 home
indianapacers 81 houstonrockets 76 home
minnesotatimberwolves 100 chicagobulls 98 home
phoenixsuns 110 portlandtrailblazers 87 home
milwaukeebucks 114 sanantoniospurs 107 away
oklahomacitythunder 102 neworleanspelicans 94 home
utahjazz 102 losangelesclippers 92 home
washingtonwizards 116 memphisgrizzlies 101 home
clevelandcavaliers 89 atlantahawks 76 away
washingtonwizards 114 charlottehornets 107 away
chicagobulls 109 miamiheat 103 home
losangelesclippers 100 bostonceltics 77 home
milwaukeebucks 112 memphisgrizzlies 96 away
houstonrockets 96 brooklynnets 71 away
newyorkknicks 151 detroitpistons 145 home
losangeleslakers 106 orlandomagic 93 away
portlandtrailblazers 100 neworleanspelicans 85 home
sacramentokings 101 philadelphiaSSers 76 home
torontoraptors 100 minnesotatimberwolves 97 home
dallasmavericks 101 phoenixsuns 99 home
denvernuggets 112 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
sanantoniospurs 106 utahjazz 83 home
charlottehornets 133 losangeleslakers 124 home
clevelandcavaliers 109 milwaukeebucks 99 home
indianapacers 93 detroitpistons 92 away
goldenstatewarriors 110 bostonceltics 100 home
houstonrockets 94 atlantahawks 68 home
losangelesclippers 102 sacramentokings 93 home
brooklynnets 91 miamiheat 81 away
minnesotatimberwolves 101 oklahomacitythunder 82 home
neworleanspelicans 99 denvernuggets 89 home
phoenixsuns 108 newyorkknicks 86 home
philadelphiaSSers 98 portlandtrailblazers 95 away
chicagobulls 107 torontoraptors 97 away
washingtonwizards 112 orlandomagic 111 home
milwaukeebucks 119 washingtonwizards 102 home
brooklynnets 100 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
orlandomagic 97 miamiheat 68 home
sacramentokings 119 goldenstatewarriors 96 home
utahjazz 96 portlandtrailblazers 86 home
chicagobulls 103 clevelandcavaliers 96 home
dallasmavericks 94 neworleanspelicans 80 home
charlottehornets 113 indianapacers 102 away
memphisgrizzlies 110 torontoraptors 104 home
dallasmavericks 89 denvernuggets 85 away
phoenixsuns 108 detroitpistons 101 away
houstonrockets 111 memphisgrizzlies 109 home
losangelesclippers 90 newyorkknicks 80 home
losangeleslakers 104 philadelphiaSSers 94 home
sanantoniospurs 95 atlantahawks 81 home
oklahomacitythunder 101 bostonceltics 95 home
minnesotatimberwolves 102 charlottehornets 96 away
bostonceltics 89 portlandtrailblazers 81 away
phoenixsuns 97 chicagobulls 96 away
clevelandcavaliers 82 sanantoniospurs 78 home
dallasmavericks 112 oklahomacitythunder 88 home
philadelphiaSSers 108 denvernuggets 97 away
goldenstatewarriors 97 neworleanspelicans 89 away
orlandomagic 91 losangelesclippers 86 home
sacramentokings 112 newyorkknicks 100 home
clevelandcavaliers 107 bostonceltics 104 away
houstonrockets 103 oklahomacitythunder 96 home
memphisgrizzlies 144 goldenstatewarriors 135 home
losangelesclippers 110 miamiheat 95 away
minnesotatimberwolves 103 sanantoniospurs 101 home
newyorkknicks 99 portlandtrailblazers 81 away
phoenixsuns 100 torontoraptors 98 away
utahjazz 98 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
washingtonwizards 108 milwaukeebucks 105 home
dallasmavericks 100 indianapacers 91 home
detroitpistons 92 neworleanspelicans 68 away
losangeleslakers 132 sacramentokings 128 away
houstonrockets 100 utahjazz 86 home
losangeleslakers 123 denvernuggets 104 home
bostonceltics 128 memphisgrizzlies 119 away
clevelandcavaliers 95 milwaukeebucks 86 away
minnesotatimberwolves 104 philadelphiaSSers 102 home
brooklynnets 91 chicagobulls 86 home
orlandomagic 106 charlottehornets 74 home
phoenixsuns 108 miamiheat 80 home
dallasmavericks 90 sanantoniospurs 85 away
newyorkknicks 111 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
torontoraptors 105 atlantahawks 92 home
washingtonwizards 116 losangelesclippers 105 home
atlantahawks 86 losangelesclippers 74 home
chicagobulls 106 detroitpistons 89 home
clevelandcavaliers 96 brooklynnets 91 home
utahjazz 96 denvernuggets 84 away
goldenstatewarriors 108 oklahomacitythunder 104 home
indianapacers 100 neworleanspelicans 93 away
portlandtrailblazers 110 sacramentokings 105 away
losangeleslakers 101 dallasmavericks 98 home
sanantoniospurs 110 memphisgrizzlies 96 away
minnesotatimberwolves 103 houstonrockets 99 home
orlandomagic 87 bostonceltics 79 home
phoenixsuns 128 goldenstatewarriors 105 home
miamiheat 93 portlandtrailblazers 90 away
torontoraptors 116 washingtonwizards 111 home
houstonrockets 84 chicagobulls 77 away
denvernuggets 104 milwaukeebucks 92 home
losangelesclippers 100 neworleanspelicans 90 away
indianapacers 91 atlantahawks 72 home
memphisgrizzlies 128 losangeleslakers 118 home
brooklynnets 101 torontoraptors 86 home
detroitpistons 98 philadelphiaSSers 89 away
phoenixsuns 113 oklahomacitythunder 102 home
clevelandcavaliers 108 sacramentokings 98 away
sanantoniospurs 98 portlandtrailblazers 84 home
dallasmavericks 108 utahjazz 105 away
neworleanspelicans 96 atlantahawks 77 away
indianapacers 97 bostonceltics 84 away
dallasmavericks 99 portlandtrailblazers 74 home
sanantoniospurs 92 denvernuggets 83 away
charlottehornets 103 detroitpistons 96 away
orlandomagic 91 goldenstatewarriors 76 away
houstonrockets 102 losangeleslakers 77 home
torontoraptors 90 milwaukeebucks 77 away
losangelesclippers 92 minnesotatimberwolves 91 away
newyorkknicks 106 philadelphiaSSers 99 home
miamiheat 107 oklahomacitythunder 103 away
washingtonwizards 113 chicagobulls 103 home
brooklynnets 86 chicagobulls 83 away
phoenixsuns 109 clevelandcavaliers 90 home
atlantahawks 99 detroitpistons 93 home
torontoraptors 95 bostonceltics 86 away
houstonrockets 90 denvernuggets 86 away
miamiheat 118 goldenstatewarriors 96 away
dallasmavericks 115 indianapacers 113 away
losangeleslakers 109 orlandomagic 106 home
minnesotatimberwolves 116 memphisgrizzlies 110 away
neworleanspelicans 104 washingtonwizards 97 home
charlottehornets 126 newyorkknicks 110 away
philadelphiaSSers 110 milwaukeebucks 97 home
portlandtrailblazers 95 sacramentokings 87 home
oklahomacitythunder 122 utahjazz 114 home
charlottehornets 89 philadelphiaSSers 83 home
chicagobulls 111 memphisgrizzlies 66 home
detroitpistons 81 bostonceltics 73 home
clevelandcavaliers 104 losangelesclippers 92 away
minnesotatimberwolves 109 brooklynnets 98 home
phoenixsuns 107 orlandomagic 101 home
houstonrockets 115 sacramentokings 111 away
sanantoniospurs 93 washingtonwizards 80 home
miamiheat 119 utahjazz 110 away
denvernuggets 109 portlandtrailblazers 93 away
dallasmavericks 97 torontoraptors 96 away
atlantahawks 100 bostonceltics 96 home
milwaukeebucks 99 charlottehornets 91 away
chicagobulls 99 sanantoniospurs 87 home
minnesotatimberwolves 94 detroitpistons 90 away
goldenstatewarriors 108 losangelesclippers 93 home
losangeleslakers 124 miamiheat 118 home
phoenixsuns 137 memphisgrizzlies 122 away
brooklynnets 105 indianapacers 95 home
newyorkknicks 102 sacramentokings 97 home
torontoraptors 104 philadelphiaSSers 86 away
washingtonwizards 114 utahjazz 111 home
dallasmavericks 109 houstonrockets 96 home
neworleanspelicans 84 orlandomagic 78 home
oklahomacitythunder 101 clevelandcavaliers 96 home
brooklynnets 92 charlottehornets 85 away
utahjazz 100 detroitpistons 99 away
phoenixsuns 100 houstonrockets 91 away
losangelesclippers 115 goldenstatewarriors 109 home
memphisgrizzlies 118 philadelphiaSSers 102 home
chicagobulls 99 milwaukeebucks 90 away
atlantahawks 105 minnesotatimberwolves 88 away
portlandtrailblazers 94 clevelandcavaliers 76 home
losangeleslakers 100 sanantoniospurs 96 away
torontoraptors 101 sacramentokings 85 home
washingtonwizards 99 newyorkknicks 98 home
dallasmavericks 114 losangeleslakers 95 home
miamiheat 104 indianapacers 101 home
charlottehornets 96 atlantahawks 75 away
sacramentokings 96 bostonceltics 91 away
denvernuggets 110 clevelandcavaliers 99 home
detroitpistons 104 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
brooklynnets 101 newyorkknicks 100 away
washingtonwizards 114 orlandomagic 93 away
philadelphiaSSers 98 miamiheat 95 home
phoenixsuns 106 portlandtrailblazers 101 home
sanantoniospurs 99 neworleanspelicans 86 home
oklahomacitythunder 99 milwaukeebucks 72 home
utahjazz 102 torontoraptors 94 away
charlottehornets 104 atlantahawks 85 home
utahjazz 95 chicagobulls 85 away
detroitpistons 91 sacramentokings 74 home
clevelandcavaliers 106 goldenstatewarriors 104 away
denvernuggets 121 houstonrockets 113 away
newyorkknicks 108 indianapacers 106 away
losangelesclippers 112 memphisgrizzlies 91 home
brooklynnets 101 orlandomagic 94 home
neworleanspelicans 113 losangeleslakers 103 home
washingtonwizards 115 bostonceltics 110 home
dallasmavericks 99 miamiheat 93 away
sanantoniospurs 99 philadelphiaSSers 85 away
phoenixsuns 131 minnesotatimberwolves 102 home
portlandtrailblazers 99 milwaukeebucks 95 home
sanantoniospurs 93 bostonceltics 89 away
orlandomagic 90 clevelandcavaliers 79 away
denvernuggets 115 memphisgrizzlies 98 home
indianapacers 98 chicagobulls 91 home
losangeleslakers 108 goldenstatewarriors 103 home
miamiheat 101 newyorkknicks 83 home
sacramentokings 88 brooklynnets 87 home
torontoraptors 105 charlottehornets 84 home
utahjazz 106 minnesotatimberwolves 91 home
chicagobulls 94 atlantahawks 86 home
losangelesclippers 115 milwaukeebucks 96 home
dallasmavericks 111 orlandomagic 95 away
philadelphiaSSers 102 neworleanspelicans 96 home
denvernuggets 117 oklahomacitythunder 112 away
phoenixsuns 127 washingtonwizards 105 away
atlantahawks 82 bostonceltics 76 away
detroitpistons 103 charlottehornets 92 away
philadelphiaSSers 118 clevelandcavaliers 115 away
goldenstatewarriors 110 brooklynnets 109 home
indianapacers 96 miamiheat 94 home
phoenixsuns 112 newyorkknicks 107 away
portlandtrailblazers 101 minnesotatimberwolves 98 home
sacramentokings 114 milwaukeebucks 106 home
houstonrockets 90 sanantoniospurs 85 away
torontoraptors 90 neworleanspelicans 88 home
memphisgrizzlies 132 utahjazz 130 away
chicagobulls 96 dallasmavericks 85 home
losangelesclippers 102 brooklynnets 101 home
washingtonwizards 99 detroitpistons 96 away
houstonrockets 99 portlandtrailblazers 69 home
charlottehornets 106 losangeleslakers 97 away
phoenixsuns 98 milwaukeebucks 90 away
neworleanspelicans 88 sacramentokings 84 home
newyorkknicks 116 miamiheat 96 home
atlantahawks 93 orlandomagic 90 away
clevelandcavaliers 105 philadelphiaSSers 97 away
sanantoniospurs 112 memphisgrizzlies 96 home
oklahomacitythunder 102 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
torontoraptors 96 bostonceltics 90 home
utahjazz 116 denvernuggets 111 home
philadelphiaSSers 104 atlantahawks 89 away
chicagobulls 100 miamiheat 97 home
dallasmavericks 106 sacramentokings 104 home
brooklynnets 112 denvernuggets 102 away
goldenstatewarriors 131 charlottehornets 105 home
indianapacers 102 torontoraptors 84 home
minnesotatimberwolves 101 losangelesclippers 87 away
portlandtrailblazers 135 memphisgrizzlies 132 away
neworleanspelicans 94 utahjazz 83 home
washingtonwizards 105 bostonceltics 91 away
phoenixsuns 115 clevelandcavaliers 100 away
detroitpistons 95 indianapacers 87 home
sanantoniospurs 96 losangeleslakers 94 away
milwaukeebucks 107 newyorkknicks 105 home
losangelesclippers 98 oklahomacitythunder 76 away
atlantahawks 93 orlandomagic 83 home
charlottehornets 105 denvernuggets 101 away
houstonrockets 105 philadelphiaSSers 84 home
memphisgrizzlies 124 sacramentokings 117 home
minnesotatimberwolves 121 phoenixsuns 112 home
neworleanspelicans 103 portlandtrailblazers 91 home
brooklynnets 116 utahjazz 115 away
clevelandcavaliers 124 goldenstatewarriors 97 home
dallasmavericks 122 oklahomacitythunder 102 home
indianapacers 103 bostonceltics 96 home
miamiheat 110 milwaukeebucks 80 home
newyorkknicks 99 losangeleslakers 94 home
washingtonwizards 104 detroitpistons 99 home
atlantahawks 115 goldenstatewarriors 94 home
losangeleslakers 111 bostonceltics 98 away
charlottehornets 104 newyorkknicks 87 home
houstonrockets 112 oklahomacitythunder 102 home
losangelesclippers 110 chicagobulls 98 home
dallasmavericks 95 memphisgrizzlies 94 away
sacramentokings 100 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
detroitpistons 113 brooklynnets 89 away
philadelphiaSSers 89 neworleanspelicans 78 away
orlandomagic 98 milwaukeebucks 73 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 denvernuggets 91 home
torontoraptors 119 washingtonwizards 109 home
utahjazz 97 sanantoniospurs 93 home
miamiheat 92 clevelandcavaliers 89 home
phoenixsuns 103 sanantoniospurs 87 home
torontoraptors 103 atlantahawks 91 away
losangelesclippers 100 bostonceltics 89 away
clevelandcavaliers 101 charlottehornets 81 home
denvernuggets 114 portlandtrailblazers 107 home
detroitpistons 96 milwaukeebucks 86 home
indianapacers 95 losangeleslakers 84 home
neworleanspelicans 90 minnesotatimberwolves 83 home
orlandomagic 119 brooklynnets 86 home
goldenstatewarriors 102 philadelphiaSSers 101 away
chicagobulls 107 oklahomacitythunder 101 away
miamiheat 117 milwaukeebucks 98 away
newyorkknicks 94 orlandomagic 86 away
utahjazz 108 phoenixsuns 105 away
chicagobulls 88 portlandtrailblazers 86 away
sacramentokings 94 denvernuggets 87 home
losangeleslakers 118 washingtonwizards 102 away
charlottehornets 98 goldenstatewarriors 90 home
dallasmavericks 94 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
neworleanspelicans 87 houstonrockets 74 away
indianapacers 116 memphisgrizzlies 110 away
detroitpistons 90 clevelandcavaliers 78 away
atlantahawks 101 brooklynnets 99 away
torontoraptors 122 losangelesclippers 110 home
losangeleslakers 90 atlantahawks 83 away
phoenixsuns 113 denvernuggets 108 away
houstonrockets 105 minnesotatimberwolves 77 home
goldenstatewarriors 113 indianapacers 98 away
miamiheat 113 charlottehornets 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 100 brooklynnets 98 home
sacramentokings 105 neworleanspelicans 99 home
utahjazz 100 chicagobulls 95 home
washingtonwizards 118 oklahomacitythunder 108 home
detroitpistons 109 bostonceltics 102 home
houstonrockets 98 memphisgrizzlies 90 away
milwaukeebucks 116 orlandomagic 111 home
newyorkknicks 102 losangelesclippers 90 home
phoenixsuns 109 portlandtrailblazers 102 away
brooklynnets 87 atlantahawks 85 away
miamiheat 91 bostonceltics 79 away
clevelandcavaliers 94 losangelesclippers 77 home
dallasmavericks 113 memphisgrizzlies 97 home
neworleanspelicans 114 denvernuggets 112 away
oklahomacitythunder 103 indianapacers 102 away
minnesotatimberwolves 121 goldenstatewarriors 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 92 charlottehornets 83 home
torontoraptors 113 orlandomagic 103 home
sanantoniospurs 110 washingtonwizards 83 away
detroitpistons 93 losangeleslakers 78 home
neworleanspelicans 109 milwaukeebucks 101 home
sacramentokings 86 chicagobulls 77 home
brooklynnets 92 bostonceltics 78 away
portlandtrailblazers 108 charlottehornets 100 away
clevelandcavaliers 103 miamiheat 79 home
dallasmavericks 95 houstonrockets 74 home
goldenstatewarriors 123 chicagobulls 121 home
denvernuggets 102 indianapacers 95 away
memphisgrizzlies 105 minnesotatimberwolves 97 home
orlandomagic 106 sanantoniospurs 104 home
losangelesclippers 90 philadelphiaSSers 89 away
atlantahawks 120 phoenixsuns 111 away
torontoraptors 96 losangeleslakers 92 home
detroitpistons 98 torontoraptors 92 home
houstonrockets 104 charlottehornets 83 home
denvernuggets 109 milwaukeebucks 102 away
brooklynnets 93 orlandomagic 78 home
neworleanspelicans 114 memphisgrizzlies 99 home
sacramentokings 114 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
utahjazz 104 newyorkknicks 102 home
clevelandcavaliers 99 losangeleslakers 90 home
atlantahawks 106 goldenstatewarriors 105 away
indianapacers 94 losangelesclippers 80 home
miamiheat 100 sanantoniospurs 85 home
minnesotatimberwolves 109 bostonceltics 107 home
dallasmavericks 106 philadelphiaSSers 89 away
chicagobulls 116 phoenixsuns 103 away
oklahomacitythunder 114 sacramentokings 103 away
portlandtrailblazers 94 washingtonwizards 73 away
denvernuggets 123 goldenstatewarriors 111 home
detroitpistons 92 losangelesclippers 74 home
utahjazz 102 atlantahawks 76 home
torontoraptors 112 chicagobulls 111 away
houstonrockets 109 sacramentokings 104 home
newyorkknicks 107 losangeleslakers 106 away
memphisgrizzlies 108 neworleanspelicans 104 home
miamiheat 104 portlandtrailblazers 85 home
dallasmavericks 99 milwaukeebucks 93 away
sanantoniospurs 107 brooklynnets 82 away
bostonceltics 117 milwaukeebucks 97 home
charlottehornets 100 chicagobulls 85 home
sanantoniospurs 90 detroitpistons 81 away
goldenstatewarriors 120 newyorkknicks 101 home
indianapacers 114 memphisgrizzlies 104 home
atlantahawks 96 losangelesclippers 93 away
minnesotatimberwolves 99 denvernuggets 94 home
neworleanspelicans 110 sacramentokings 93 home
orlandomagic 103 portlandtrailblazers 91 home
washingtonwizards 92 philadelphiaSSers 85 away
oklahomacitythunder 114 phoenixsuns 90 home
torontoraptors 120 brooklynnets 109 home
utahjazz 99 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
dallasmavericks 80 houstonrockets 77 away
clevelandcavaliers 114 losangeleslakers 108 away
charlottehornets 104 neworleanspelicans 100 home
chicagobulls 106 atlantahawks 81 home
phoenixsuns 115 losangelesclippers 90 away
detroitpistons 84 milwaukeebucks 83 away
newyorkknicks 100 orlandomagic 94 home
portlandtrailblazers 103 utahjazz 100 home
sacramentokings 104 bostonceltics 101 home
sanantoniospurs 95 denvernuggets 80 home
oklahomacitythunder 121 memphisgrizzlies 105 home
washingtonwizards 112 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
sanantoniospurs 103 atlantahawks 96 away
detroitpistons 110 orlandomagic 88 home
goldenstatewarriors 118 memphisgrizzlies 115 home
houstonrockets 112 miamiheat 102 home
indianapacers 136 milwaukeebucks 129 home
portlandtrailblazers 112 losangeleslakers 108 away
charlottehornets 100 minnesotatimberwolves 95 away
neworleanspelicans 111 brooklynnets 107 away
philadelphiaSSers 104 newyorkknicks 84 home
phoenixsuns 118 bostonceltics 108 home
clevelandcavaliers 86 torontoraptors 85 away
chicagobulls 84 clevelandcavaliers 78 away
dallasmavericks 112 miamiheat 100 home
washingtonwizards 109 sacramentokings 106 home
atlantahawks 105 houstonrockets 99 home
charlottehornets 102 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
chicagobulls 105 washingtonwizards 90 home
utahjazz 114 denvernuggets 104 away
losangeleslakers 122 bostonceltics 96 home
phoenixsuns 116 minnesotatimberwolves 104 away
brooklynnets 109 sacramentokings 96 home
neworleanspelicans 98 oklahomacitythunder 97 home
newyorkknicks 95 milwaukeebucks 93 home
detroitpistons 94 orlandomagic 89 away
memphisgrizzlies 103 portlandtrailblazers 102 away
torontoraptors 110 indianapacers 88 home
torontoraptors 93 charlottehornets 76 away
dallasmavericks 115 denvernuggets 95 home
losangelesclippers 103 goldenstatewarriors 90 home
milwaukeebucks 109 philadelphiaSSers 90 home
sanantoniospurs 102 oklahomacitythunder 71 home
utahjazz 105 bostonceltics 87 home
phoenixsuns 115 atlantahawks 106 away
detroitpistons 95 chicagobulls 93 home
losangeleslakers 102 goldenstatewarriors 85 away
sacramentokings 110 indianapacers 93 away
miamiheat 86 clevelandcavaliers 81 home
minnesotatimberwolves 98 washingtonwizards 94 home
brooklynnets 101 newyorkknicks 92 home
houstonrockets 97 orlandomagic 93 away
orlandomagic 94 chicagobulls 87 away
dallasmavericks 110 atlantahawks 87 home
bostonceltics 77 houstonrockets 72 away
losangelesclippers 100 charlottehornets 93 home
denvernuggets 111 memphisgrizzlies 107 away
newyorkknicks 99 miamiheat 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 89 sacramentokings 82 home
sanantoniospurs 107 torontoraptors 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 97 portlandtrailblazers 73 home
losangeleslakers 102 utahjazz 94 away
clevelandcavaliers 97 neworleanspelicans 89 home
phoenixsuns 103 indianapacers 92 away
milwaukeebucks 122 goldenstatewarriors 101 home
dallasmavericks 91 minnesotatimberwolves 65 away
brooklynnets 113 washingtonwizards 101 home
bostonceltics 102 newyorkknicks 94 home
chicagobulls 113 goldenstatewarriors 83 home
denvernuggets 111 orlandomagic 101 home
torontoraptors 106 houstonrockets 90 away
losangelesclippers 96 oklahomacitythunder 91 home
utahjazz 104 memphisgrizzlies 88 away
neworleanspelicans 107 atlantahawks 100 home
philadelphiaSSers 99 phoenixsuns 94 home
sacramentokings 135 charlottehornets 120 home
miamiheat 92 washingtonwizards 83 away
dallasmavericks 95 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
portlandtrailblazers 127 charlottehornets 90 home
oklahomacitythunder 77 losangelesclippers 75 home
chicagobulls 104 neworleanspelicans 93 home
houstonrockets 108 denvernuggets 97 away
sacramentokings 116 losangeleslakers 108 away
miamiheat 85 detroitpistons 82 home
utahjazz 109 minnesotatimberwolves 83 away
newyorkknicks 106 goldenstatewarriors 97 home
philadelphiaSSers 117 memphisgrizzlies 112 home
phoenixsuns 115 indianapacers 90 home
sanantoniospurs 98 orlandomagic 74 home
milwaukeebucks 94 torontoraptors 81 away
washingtonwizards 93 atlantahawks 92 home
newyorkknicks 104 atlantahawks 100 away
clevelandcavaliers 120 torontoraptors 97 home
dallasmavericks 103 orlandomagic 98 home
sanantoniospurs 97 houstonrockets 74 away
losangelesclippers 87 indianapacers 64 home
detroitpistons 92 memphisgrizzlies 89 away
bostonceltics 96 brooklynnets 88 away
sacramentokings 104 portlandtrailblazers 96 away
bostonceltics 124 minnesotatimberwolves 117 home
chicagobulls 126 milwaukeebucks 121 away
utahjazz 108 neworleanspelicans 94 away
philadelphiaSSers 99 brooklynnets 86 home
phoenixsuns 99 losangeleslakers 94 home
oklahomacitythunder 96 charlottehornets 89 home
washingtonwizards 107 goldenstatewarriors 106 home
clevelandcavaliers 91 houstonrockets 85 home
goldenstatewarriors 111 detroitpistons 93 away
sanantoniospurs 88 losangelesclippers 74 away
miamiheat 88 atlantahawks 81 home
orlandomagic 99 milwaukeebucks 81 home
utahjazz 120 charlottehornets 95 home
dallasmavericks 102 brooklynnets 89 home
denvernuggets 106 neworleanspelicans 91 home
minnesotatimberwolves 117 losangeleslakers 107 home
oklahomacitythunder 100 newyorkknicks 99 away
sanantoniospurs 99 portlandtrailblazers 94 away
sacramentokings 102 indianapacers 98 home
washingtonwizards 129 torontoraptors 109 home
atlantahawks 100 washingtonwizards 97 home
houstonrockets 111 bostonceltics 80 away
clevelandcavaliers 101 detroitpistons 97 away
goldenstatewarriors 110 denvernuggets 96 home
miamiheat 103 chicagobulls 70 home
milwaukeebucks 110 losangeleslakers 90 home
philadelphiaSSers 92 oklahomacitythunder 89 home
phoenixsuns 115 charlottehornets 106 home
torontoraptors 94 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
utahjazz 94 indianapacers 72 home
chicagobulls 100 orlandomagic 76 away
sanantoniospurs 100 sacramentokings 93 away
atlantahawks 106 memphisgrizzlies 105 home
bostonceltics 118 oklahomacitythunder 103 home
detroitpistons 95 denvernuggets 82 away
goldenstatewarriors 99 losangelesclippers 89 home
houstonrockets 112 brooklynnets 91 home
miamiheat 105 minnesotatimberwolves 91 home
philadelphiaSSers 108 losangeleslakers 92 home
phoenixsuns 104 neworleanspelicans 103 home
atlantahawks 99 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
memphisgrizzlies 115 charlottehornets 107 away
philadelphiaSSers 100 indianapacers 96 away
clevelandcavaliers 94 milwaukeebucks 92 away
sanantoniospurs 93 brooklynnets 77 home
utahjazz 96 neworleanspelicans 86 home
newyorkknicks 90 washingtonwizards 89 away
chicagobulls 94 bostonceltics 78 away
clevelandcavaliers 99 indianapacers 88 home
houstonrockets 103 orlandomagic 92 home
detroitpistons 98 losangelesclippers 80 away
dallasmavericks 108 losangeleslakers 72 away
miamiheat 106 washingtonwizards 104 home
portlandtrailblazers 106 goldenstatewarriors 87 home
denvernuggets 113 sacramentokings 101 away
torontoraptors 120 oklahomacitythunder 119 home
charlottehornets 119 orlandomagic 108 home
goldenstatewarriors 117 dallasmavericks 100 home
brooklynnets 113 memphisgrizzlies 102 away
torontoraptors 108 milwaukeebucks 93 away
phoenixsuns 103 houstonrockets 82 home
atlantahawks 104 philadelphiaSSers 92 home
chicagobulls 95 bostonceltics 87 home
clevelandcavaliers 124 sacramentokings 100 home
denvernuggets 107 portlandtrailblazers 99 home
miamiheat 88 utahjazz 86 home
minnesotatimberwolves 86 indianapacers 81 home
brooklynnets 112 neworleanspelicans 108 away
sanantoniospurs 93 losangelesclippers 84 home
detroitpistons 101 oklahomacitythunder 97 away
charlottehornets 111 sacramentokings 108 home
phoenixsuns 129 dallasmavericks 127 away
houstonrockets 109 losangelesclippers 105 home
washingtonwizards 112 indianapacers 96 away
clevelandcavaliers 118 memphisgrizzlies 96 away
orlandomagic 101 utahjazz 90 home
chicagobulls 88 philadelphiaSSers 87 away
detroitpistons 87 portlandtrailblazers 75 away
torontoraptors 104 newyorkknicks 94 home
bostonceltics 109 atlantahawks 88 home
denvernuggets 113 losangeleslakers 86 home
milwaukeebucks 101 sanantoniospurs 90 home
miamiheat 93 brooklynnets 86 away
losangelesclippers 102 charlottehornets 93 away
dallasmavericks 106 bostonceltics 101 home
goldenstatewarriors 106 minnesotatimberwolves 86 home
losangeleslakers 116 portlandtrailblazers 111 home
miamiheat 103 sacramentokings 97 home
neworleanspelicans 92 newyorkknicks 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 89 utahjazz 88 home
detroitpistons 105 phoenixsuns 83 away
houstonrockets 114 torontoraptors 100 away
clevelandcavaliers 82 utahjazz 73 home
denvernuggets 131 phoenixsuns 107 home
indianapacers 113 atlantahawks 90 home
memphisgrizzlies 104 chicagobulls 103 home
milwaukeebucks 97 charlottehornets 91 home
sacramentokings 95 orlandomagic 83 away
bostonceltics 91 sanantoniospurs 85 away
goldenstatewarriors 99 oklahomacitythunder 98 away
washingtonwizards 125 neworleanspelicans 103 home
dallasmavericks 92 detroitpistons 88 away
losangeleslakers 109 minnesotatimberwolves 102 home
orlandomagic 97 miamiheat 83 away
brooklynnets 101 losangelesclippers 95 home
newyorkknicks 92 torontoraptors 74 home
houstonrockets 124 philadelphiaSSers 74 away
oklahomacitythunder 95 portlandtrailblazers 77 away
atlantahawks 99 sacramentokings 76 home
neworleanspelicans 106 bostonceltics 88 home
charlottehornets 108 clevelandcavaliers 100 home
losangelesclippers 103 chicagobulls 89 away
detroitpistons 96 philadelphiaSSers 75 home
houstonrockets 86 indianapacers 76 home
neworleanspelicans 114 memphisgrizzlies 103 away
denvernuggets 94 brooklynnets 90 away
dallasmavericks 92 newyorkknicks 77 away
phoenixsuns 108 minnesotatimberwolves 90 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 washingtonwizards 98 home
utahjazz 104 goldenstatewarriors 100 home
miamiheat 91 atlantahawks 83 away
charlottehornets 92 bostonceltics 84 away
dallasmavericks 98 clevelandcavaliers 90 away
losangelesclippers 104 milwaukeebucks 103 away
minnesotatimberwolves 95 sacramentokings 89 away
sanantoniospurs 90 indianapacers 72 home
washingtonwizards 108 oklahomacitythunder 106 away
torontoraptors 92 orlandomagic 85 home
chicagobulls 109 denvernuggets 108 home
houstonrockets 91 detroitpistons 85 home
losangeleslakers 121 memphisgrizzlies 119 away
portlandtrailblazers 92 newyorkknicks 86 away
phoenixsuns 118 sacramentokings 100 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 atlantahawks 100 away
dallasmavericks 109 bostonceltics 95 away
clevelandcavaliers 90 newyorkknicks 68 home
goldenstatewarriors 135 washingtonwizards 128 home
indianapacers 95 miamiheat 70 home
losangelesclippers 104 utahjazz 72 home
losangeleslakers 111 neworleanspelicans 105 away
orlandomagic 90 brooklynnets 82 home
philadelphiaSSers 106 charlottehornets 97 home
sanantoniospurs 90 detroitpistons 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 85 minnesotatimberwolves 82 home
torontoraptors 121 denvernuggets 94 home
brooklynnets 113 charlottehornets 107 away
losangelesclippers 111 washingtonwizards 105 home
philadelphiaSSers 93 miamiheat 85 away
utahjazz 118 memphisgrizzlies 108 home
dallasmavericks 104 atlantahawks 97 away
denvernuggets 105 clevelandcavaliers 93 away
chicagobulls 92 indianapacers 90 away
losangeleslakers 115 goldenstatewarriors 113 home
detroitpistons 121 milwaukeebucks 95 away
minnesotatimberwolves 94 portlandtrailblazers 93 home
neworleanspelicans 106 houstonrockets 94 home
sacramentokings 107 phoenixsuns 100 home
sanantoniospurs 120 oklahomacitythunder 79 away
bostonceltics 95 torontoraptors 87 home
chicagobulls 100 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
detroitpistons 113 denvernuggets 109 home
sanantoniospurs 126 goldenstatewarriors 89 away
houstonrockets 106 milwaukeebucks 87 home
miamiheat 106 atlantahawks 89 home
orlandomagic 94 newyorkknicks 89 away
phoenixsuns 105 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
utahjazz 103 washingtonwizards 97 home
clevelandcavaliers 105 indianapacers 94 away
memphisgrizzlies 88 losangeleslakers 86 away
oklahomacitythunder 114 minnesotatimberwolves 106 away
dallasmavericks 105 neworleanspelicans 89 away
bostonceltics 105 orlandomagic 96 home
charlottehornets 101 atlantahawks 87 home
dallasmavericks 105 milwaukeebucks 103 home
oklahomacitythunder 100 denvernuggets 97 away
houstonrockets 92 losangelesclippers 87 away
brooklynnets 118 indianapacers 94 home
newyorkknicks 97 clevelandcavaliers 93 home
sanantoniospurs 92 neworleanspelicans 88 home
torontoraptors 96 miamiheat 83 home
utahjazz 108 minnesotatimberwolves 102 home
washingtonwizards 111 philadelphiaSSers 108 home
chicagobulls 83 detroitpistons 81 home
goldenstatewarriors 124 phoenixsuns 119 home
memphisgrizzlies 96 portlandtrailblazers 92 away
charlottehornets 97 milwaukeebucks 81 home
dallasmavericks 105 newyorkknicks 103 home
detroitpistons 110 brooklynnets 105 home
houstonrockets 107 losangeleslakers 104 away
miamiheat 92 minnesotatimberwolves 77 away
orlandomagic 95 indianapacers 87 home
philadelphiaSSers 88 bostonceltics 82 home
phoenixsuns 125 denvernuggets 108 home
losangelesclippers 105 sacramentokings 101 away
sanantoniospurs 102 utahjazz 93 home
oklahomacitythunder 120 memphisgrizzlies 93 home
torontoraptors 123 washingtonwizards 118 away
clevelandcavaliers 112 chicagobulls 108 away
brooklynnets 86 philadelphiaSSers 82 home
neworleanspelicans 103 newyorkknicks 94 home
losangelesclippers 99 portlandtrailblazers 86 away
chicagobulls 105 atlantahawks 97 away
bostonceltics 98 clevelandcavaliers 96 home
detroitpistons 94 miamiheat 88 home
goldenstatewarriors 122 memphisgrizzlies 117 home
utahjazz 86 houstonrockets 83 away
indianapacers 100 sanantoniospurs 99 home
losangeleslakers 126 sacramentokings 103 home
washingtonwizards 121 milwaukeebucks 107 away
minnesotatimberwolves 105 orlandomagic 104 away
phoenixsuns 126 dallasmavericks 104 home
denvernuggets 114 oklahomacitythunder 103 away
torontoraptors 107 charlottehornets 94 home
charlottehornets 122 washingtonwizards 102 home
detroitpistons 100 indianapacers 85 away
denvernuggets 111 losangeleslakers 105 away
phoenixsuns 116 memphisgrizzlies 111 away
miamiheat 92 torontoraptors 89 home
neworleanspelicans 119 milwaukeebucks 101 away
clevelandcavaliers 101 minnesotatimberwolves 88 away
dallasmavericks 97 sacramentokings 93 away
sanantoniospurs 110 oklahomacitythunder 91 home
denvernuggets 120 sacramentokings 115 home
chicagobulls 106 detroitpistons 88 away
goldenstatewarriors 110 houstonrockets 99 away
losangelesclippers 90 losangeleslakers 82 home
milwaukeebucks 98 bostonceltics 89 home
brooklynnets 101 atlantahawks 86 home
neworleanspelicans 101 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
philadelphiaSSers 92 newyorkknicks 90 away
torontoraptors 111 orlandomagic 108 away
portlandtrailblazers 94 utahjazz 89 home
charlottehornets 108 washingtonwizards 100 away
miamiheat 94 clevelandcavaliers 90 away
sanantoniospurs 92 phoenixsuns 85 home
atlantahawks 115 milwaukeebucks 102 home
miamiheat 88 bostonceltics 85 away
indianapacers 112 charlottehornets 102 away
chicagobulls 105 brooklynnets 74 home
denvernuggets 75 dallasmavericks 71 home
portlandtrailblazers 85 houstonrockets 78 away
goldenstatewarriors 116 memphisgrizzlies 104 away
phoenixsuns 103 neworleanspelicans 95 away
minnesotatimberwolves 99 newyorkknicks 94 away
torontoraptors 94 philadelphiaSSers 85 away
sacramentokings 107 utahjazz 103 home
losangeleslakers 112 oklahomacitythunder 109 away
clevelandcavaliers 99 washingtonwizards 94 away
dallasmavericks 86 portlandtrailblazers 74 home
indianapacers 105 bostonceltics 98 home
denvernuggets 96 losangelesclippers 93 away
newyorkknicks 118 milwaukeebucks 113 away
neworleanspelicans 96 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
brooklynnets 120 washingtonwizards 114 home
orlandomagic 116 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
sanantoniospurs 112 goldenstatewarriors 99 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 utahjazz 103 away
detroitpistons 87 clevelandcavaliers 82 home
phoenixsuns 115 losangeleslakers 107 away
charlottehornets 111 miamiheat 103 away
philadelphiaSSers 109 atlantahawks 104 home
houstonrockets 112 sacramentokings 106 away
torontoraptors 103 chicagobulls 89 home
dallasmavericks 96 losangelesclippers 86 home
denvernuggets 115 losangeleslakers 111 home
goldenstatewarriors 126 utahjazz 102 home
orlandomagic 117 milwaukeebucks 94 away
torontoraptors 111 minnesotatimberwolves 100 away
detroitpistons 91 newyorkknicks 83 away
sanantoniospurs 112 portlandtrailblazers 96 home
houstonrockets 95 oklahomacitythunder 90 away
atlantahawks 104 bostonceltics 96 home
charlottehornets 92 miamiheat 82 home
chicagobulls 98 newyorkknicks 69 home
sacramentokings 112 memphisgrizzlies 100 away
neworleanspelicans 103 losangelesclippers 100 home
philadelphiaSSers 90 indianapacers 86 home
brooklynnets 96 washingtonwizards 92 away
philadelphiaSSers 102 bostonceltics 94 away
detroitpistons 104 orlandomagic 99 home
miamiheat 85 washingtonwizards 82 home
indianapacers 104 milwaukeebucks 98 away
dallasmavericks 105 minnesotatimberwolves 88 away
phoenixsuns 109 oklahomacitythunder 91 home
houstonrockets 99 portlandtrailblazers 95 away
sanantoniospurs 109 sacramentokings 100 home
denvernuggets 115 utahjazz 106 away
clevelandcavaliers 94 brooklynnets 76 home
losangelesclippers 118 losangeleslakers 110 home
washingtonwizards 98 atlantahawks 85 away
milwaukeebucks 104 bostonceltics 102 away
chicagobulls 100 charlottehornets 81 home
utahjazz 104 dallasmavericks 89 away
losangelesclippers 107 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
miamiheat 100 indianapacers 96 home
sanantoniospurs 110 minnesotatimberwolves 91 away
brooklynnets 100 newyorkknicks 86 home
denvernuggets 107 neworleanspelicans 105 away
phoenixsuns 93 losangeleslakers 85 home
goldenstatewarriors 125 sacramentokings 108 away
torontoraptors 87 detroitpistons 84 home
clevelandcavaliers 110 atlantahawks 76 home
houstonrockets 123 neworleanspelicans 112 home
memphisgrizzlies 133 denvernuggets 118 home
charlottehornets 113 milwaukeebucks 92 away
orlandomagic 104 philadelphiaSSers 87 away
portlandtrailblazers 108 oklahomacitythunder 102 home
phoenixsuns 126 utahjazz 98 away
dallasmavericks 91 sanantoniospurs 86 home
philadelphiaSSers 102 detroitpistons 91 away
goldenstatewarriors 121 minnesotatimberwolves 108 home
brooklynnets 111 indianapacers 107 away
sacramentokings 105 losangelesclippers 100 away
losangeleslakers 109 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
orlandomagic 88 bostonceltics 86 home
torontoraptors 107 newyorkknicks 105 home
chicagobulls 101 washingtonwizards 68 away
denvernuggets 122 minnesotatimberwolves 107 home
houstonrockets 120 phoenixsuns 117 home
memphisgrizzlies 101 sanantoniospurs 91 home
bostonceltics 91 miamiheat 89 away
milwaukeebucks 102 atlantahawks 96 home
brooklynnets 104 newyorkknicks 95 away
neworleanspelicans 125 sacramentokings 118 away
utahjazz 130 portlandtrailblazers 93 home
goldenstatewarriors 111 dallasmavericks 82 home
clevelandcavaliers 98 philadelphiaSSers 92 away
losangelesclippers 103 phoenixsuns 99 away
orlandomagic 95 washingtonwizards 89 away
atlantahawks 118 indianapacers 102 home
detroitpistons 100 torontoraptors 84 home
detroitpistons 91 bostonceltics 89 away
newyorkknicks 94 charlottehornets 93 away
clevelandcavaliers 109 milwaukeebucks 96 home
washingtonwizards 98 indianapacers 95 away
neworleanspelicans 86 losangelesclippers 83 away
memphisgrizzlies 116 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
brooklynnets 106 chicagobulls 97 home
orlandomagic 94 miamiheat 68 home
goldenstatewarriors 120 portlandtrailblazers 98 away
losangeleslakers 117 sacramentokings 106 away
denvernuggets 100 sanantoniospurs 77 away
dallasmavericks 106 oklahomacitythunder 75 away
philadelphiaSSers 122 torontoraptors 119 away
utahjazz 101 houstonrockets 91 home
playoffs
chicagobulls 96 miamiheat 91 home
detroitpistons 100 orlandomagic 92 home
houstonrockets 84 utahjazz 75 home
brooklynnets 96 torontoraptors 91 away
clevelandcavaliers 97 washingtonwizards 82 home
goldenstatewarriors 97 dallasmavericks 85 away
phoenixsuns 95 losangeleslakers 87 home
denvernuggets 95 sanantoniospurs 89 away
detroitpistons 98 orlandomagic 90 home
houstonrockets 98 utahjazz 90 home
chicagobulls 107 miamiheat 89 home
phoenixsuns 126 losangeleslakers 98 home
torontoraptors 89 brooklynnets 83 home
clevelandcavaliers 109 washingtonwizards 102 home
dallasmavericks 112 goldenstatewarriors 99 home
sanantoniospurs 97 denvernuggets 88 home
losangeleslakers 95 phoenixsuns 89 home
detroitpistons 93 orlandomagic 77 away
utahjazz 81 houstonrockets 67 home
goldenstatewarriors 109 dallasmavericks 91 home
chicagobulls 104 miamiheat 96 away
brooklynnets 102 torontoraptors 89 home
sanantoniospurs 96 denvernuggets 91 away
detroitpistons 97 orlandomagic 93 away
utahjazz 98 houstonrockets 85 home
clevelandcavaliers 98 washingtonwizards 92 away
goldenstatewarriors 103 dallasmavericks 99 home
phoenixsuns 113 losangeleslakers 100 away
chicagobulls 92 miamiheat 79 away
brooklynnets 102 torontoraptors 81 home
sanantoniospurs 96 denvernuggets 89 away
houstonrockets 96 utahjazz 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 washingtonwizards 90 away
dallasmavericks 118 goldenstatewarriors 112 home
torontoraptors 98 brooklynnets 96 home
phoenixsuns 119 losangeleslakers 110 home
sanantoniospurs 93 denvernuggets 78 home
goldenstatewarriors 111 dallasmavericks 86 home
utahjazz 94 houstonrockets 82 home
brooklynnets 98 torontoraptors 97 home
detroitpistons 95 chicagobulls 69 home
utahjazz 103 houstonrockets 99 away
clevelandcavaliers 81 brooklynnets 77 home
sanantoniospurs 111 phoenixsuns 106 away
detroitpistons 108 chicagobulls 87 home
utahjazz 116 goldenstatewarriors 112 home
clevelandcavaliers 102 brooklynnets 92 home
phoenixsuns 101 sanantoniospurs 81 home
utahjazz 127 goldenstatewarriors 117 home
detroitpistons 81 chicagobulls 74 away
goldenstatewarriors 125 utahjazz 105 home
brooklynnets 96 clevelandcavaliers 85 home
sanantoniospurs 108 phoenixsuns 101 home
chicagobulls 102 detroitpistons 87 home
utahjazz 115 goldenstatewarriors 101 away
clevelandcavaliers 87 brooklynnets 85 away
phoenixsuns 104 sanantoniospurs 98 away
chicagobulls 108 detroitpistons 92 away
utahjazz 100 goldenstatewarriors 87 home
brooklynnets 83 clevelandcavaliers 72 away
sanantoniospurs 88 phoenixsuns 85 away
detroitpistons 95 chicagobulls 85 away
clevelandcavaliers 88 brooklynnets 72 away
sanantoniospurs 114 phoenixsuns 106 home
sanantoniospurs 108 utahjazz 100 home
detroitpistons 79 clevelandcavaliers 76 home
sanantoniospurs 105 utahjazz 96 home
detroitpistons 79 clevelandcavaliers 76 home
utahjazz 109 sanantoniospurs 83 home
clevelandcavaliers 88 detroitpistons 82 home
sanantoniospurs 91 utahjazz 79 away
clevelandcavaliers 91 detroitpistons 87 home
sanantoniospurs 109 utahjazz 84 home
clevelandcavaliers 109 detroitpistons 107 away
clevelandcavaliers 98 detroitpistons 82 home
sanantoniospurs 85 clevelandcavaliers 76 home
sanantoniospurs 103 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
sanantoniospurs 75 clevelandcavaliers 72 away
sanantoniospurs 83 clevelandcavaliers 82 away
yearEnd
utahjazz 117 goldenstatewarriors 96 away
houstonrockets 95 losangeleslakers 93 away
sanantoniospurs 106 portlandtrailblazers 97 home
dallasmavericks 92 clevelandcavaliers 74 away
denvernuggets 120 oklahomacitythunder 103 home
indianapacers 119 washingtonwizards 110 home
sanantoniospurs 104 memphisgrizzlies 101 away
brooklynnets 112 chicagobulls 103 home
neworleanspelicans 104 sacramentokings 90 home
orlandomagic 102 milwaukeebucks 83 home
torontoraptors 106 philadelphiaSSers 97 home
detroitpistons 91 miamiheat 80 away
phoenixsuns 106 oklahomacitythunder 99 away
houstonrockets 106 utahjazz 95 away
atlantahawks 101 dallasmavericks 94 home
bostonceltics 103 washingtonwizards 83 home
charlottehornets 102 milwaukeebucks 99 home
philadelphiaSSers 96 chicagobulls 85 away
clevelandcavaliers 110 newyorkknicks 106 home
indianapacers 87 miamiheat 85 home
losangelesclippers 120 goldenstatewarriors 114 home
denvernuggets 99 minnesotatimberwolves 91 away
torontoraptors 106 brooklynnets 69 away
neworleanspelicans 113 portlandtrailblazers 93 home
detroitpistons 116 orlandomagic 92 away
losangeleslakers 119 phoenixsuns 98 away
sanantoniospurs 96 sacramentokings 80 home
dallasmavericks 123 sacramentokings 102 home
houstonrockets 89 portlandtrailblazers 80 home
indianapacers 121 memphisgrizzlies 111 away
milwaukeebucks 78 chicagobulls 72 home
brooklynnets 93 philadelphiaSSers 88 away
utahjazz 133 goldenstatewarriors 110 home
orlandomagic 94 washingtonwizards 82 away
neworleanspelicans 93 denvernuggets 88 away
detroitpistons 92 atlantahawks 91 home
losangelesclippers 115 oklahomacitythunder 101 home
losangeleslakers 119 utahjazz 109 home
charlottehornets 90 miamiheat 88 away
newyorkknicks 97 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
phoenixsuns 103 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
bostonceltics 98 torontoraptors 95 away
dallasmavericks 107 houstonrockets 98 home
phoenixsuns 115 charlottehornets 83 away
losangelesclippers 97 chicagobulls 91 away
clevelandcavaliers 108 goldenstatewarriors 104 away
houstonrockets 89 sanantoniospurs 81 home
neworleanspelicans 118 losangeleslakers 104 away
milwaukeebucks 112 torontoraptors 85 home
orlandomagic 111 minnesotatimberwolves 103 away
brooklynnets 87 atlantahawks 82 home
newyorkknicks 119 denvernuggets 112 home
sacramentokings 104 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
atlantahawks 105 phoenixsuns 96 home
bostonceltics 119 denvernuggets 93 home
losangelesclippers 104 indianapacers 89 away
philadelphiaSSers 94 charlottehornets 63 home
portlandtrailblazers 93 neworleanspelicans 90 home
sanantoniospurs 88 miamiheat 78 home
memphisgrizzlies 105 oklahomacitythunder 98 away
orlandomagic 105 torontoraptors 96 away
utahjazz 103 clevelandcavaliers 101 home
chicagobulls 97 detroitpistons 93 home
dallasmavericks 120 goldenstatewarriors 115 away
brooklynnets 87 washingtonwizards 85 home
bostonceltics 106 atlantahawks 83 home
charlottehornets 96 indianapacers 87 home
detroitpistons 103 losangelesclippers 79 home
houstonrockets 104 milwaukeebucks 88 home
losangeleslakers 107 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
phoenixsuns 106 miamiheat 101 away
sanantoniospurs 97 neworleanspelicans 85 away
orlandomagic 112 newyorkknicks 102 away
torontoraptors 105 philadelphiaSSers 103 away
portlandtrailblazers 110 memphisgrizzlies 98 home
clevelandcavaliers 93 sacramentokings 91 away
utahjazz 103 oklahomacitythunder 101 away
denvernuggets 118 washingtonwizards 92 away
torontoraptors 101 chicagobulls 71 away
denvernuggets 113 indianapacers 106 away
bostonceltics 112 brooklynnets 101 away
phoenixsuns 106 orlandomagic 96 away
portlandtrailblazers 91 dallasmavericks 82 home
sacramentokings 100 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
utahjazz 118 memphisgrizzlies 94 home
washingtonwizards 101 atlantahawks 90 away
houstonrockets 85 charlottehornets 82 away
clevelandcavaliers 103 losangelesclippers 95 away
miamiheat 75 newyorkknicks 72 away
neworleanspelicans 93 philadelphiaSSers 72 away
sanantoniospurs 113 milwaukeebucks 88 home
detroitpistons 107 oklahomacitythunder 103 away
denvernuggets 122 clevelandcavaliers 100 home
neworleanspelicans 84 brooklynnets 82 away
utahjazz 117 sacramentokings 93 home
charlottehornets 91 miamiheat 76 home
dallasmavericks 99 philadelphiaSSers 84 home
bostonceltics 101 indianapacers 86 away
memphisgrizzlies 105 houstonrockets 99 home
orlandomagic 103 oklahomacitythunder 76 home
phoenixsuns 113 newyorkknicks 102 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 detroitpistons 94 home
sanantoniospurs 107 losangeleslakers 92 home
atlantahawks 117 charlottehornets 109 home
bostonceltics 91 brooklynnets 69 home
orlandomagic 117 clevelandcavaliers 116 away
denvernuggets 110 portlandtrailblazers 93 home
detroitpistons 111 goldenstatewarriors 104 away
losangeleslakers 93 houstonrockets 90 away
losangelesclippers 84 newyorkknicks 81 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 miamiheat 95 away
milwaukeebucks 102 memphisgrizzlies 99 home
minnesotatimberwolves 108 sacramentokings 103 home
neworleanspelicans 95 philadelphiaSSers 76 home
utahjazz 92 torontoraptors 88 away
washingtonwizards 103 indianapacers 90 home
dallasmavericks 105 sanantoniospurs 92 home
phoenixsuns 112 chicagobulls 102 home
oklahomacitythunder 126 atlantahawks 123 away
bostonceltics 92 miamiheat 91 home
clevelandcavaliers 99 utahjazz 94 home
goldenstatewarriors 122 losangelesclippers 105 home
losangeleslakers 103 detroitpistons 91 home
neworleanspelicans 120 memphisgrizzlies 118 away
washingtonwizards 105 minnesotatimberwolves 89 away
orlandomagic 95 brooklynnets 70 away
philadelphiaSSers 92 portlandtrailblazers 88 home
sacramentokings 123 newyorkknicks 118 home
sanantoniospurs 90 houstonrockets 84 home
torontoraptors 110 indianapacers 101 home
charlottehornets 100 oklahomacitythunder 84 home
dallasmavericks 108 memphisgrizzlies 105 home
denvernuggets 115 newyorkknicks 83 home
phoenixsuns 115 houstonrockets 105 away
indianapacers 117 utahjazz 97 home
chicagobulls 92 losangelesclippers 73 away
milwaukeebucks 105 atlantahawks 96 home
neworleanspelicans 100 minnesotatimberwolves 82 away
miamiheat 91 brooklynnets 87 away
washingtonwizards 109 portlandtrailblazers 90 home
losangeleslakers 106 chicagobulls 78 home
orlandomagic 104 bostonceltics 102 home
sacramentokings 105 detroitpistons 95 home
goldenstatewarriors 106 torontoraptors 100 away
charlottehornets 101 portlandtrailblazers 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 125 oklahomacitythunder 108 home
orlandomagic 95 neworleanspelicans 88 away
utahjazz 102 brooklynnets 75 home
sanantoniospurs 95 atlantahawks 83 away
milwaukeebucks 111 clevelandcavaliers 107 away
dallasmavericks 105 torontoraptors 99 home
denvernuggets 112 chicagobulls 91 home
losangeleslakers 134 indianapacers 114 away
goldenstatewarriors 108 newyorkknicks 82 away
phoenixsuns 100 sacramentokings 98 away
washingtonwizards 116 philadelphiaSSers 101 home
dallasmavericks 100 houstonrockets 94 away
losangelesclippers 101 denvernuggets 90 home
torontoraptors 95 memphisgrizzlies 89 away
atlantahawks 82 miamiheat 79 away
milwaukeebucks 110 losangeleslakers 103 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 minnesotatimberwolves 86 away
indianapacers 105 neworleanspelicans 93 away
phoenixsuns 127 sacramentokings 111 home
brooklynnets 106 portlandtrailblazers 101 away
sanantoniospurs 128 orlandomagic 110 home
bostonceltics 105 goldenstatewarriors 82 home
washingtonwizards 114 charlottehornets 111 away
detroitpistons 98 newyorkknicks 86 home
bostonceltics 107 losangeleslakers 94 home
denvernuggets 99 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
detroitpistons 83 philadelphiaSSers 78 home
indianapacers 111 dallasmavericks 107 home
miamiheat 98 houstonrockets 91 home
orlandomagic 105 charlottehornets 92 home
phoenixsuns 113 losangelesclippers 94 home
portlandtrailblazers 87 sacramentokings 84 home
sanantoniospurs 101 memphisgrizzlies 88 home
brooklynnets 98 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
utahjazz 99 neworleanspelicans 71 home
goldenstatewarriors 123 washingtonwizards 115 away
bostonceltics 96 charlottehornets 95 away
clevelandcavaliers 111 torontoraptors 108 home
houstonrockets 109 denvernuggets 81 home
neworleanspelicans 98 losangelesclippers 89 away
memphisgrizzlies 124 washingtonwizards 118 home
milwaukeebucks 97 dallasmavericks 95 home
atlantahawks 94 minnesotatimberwolves 87 away
newyorkknicks 85 chicagobulls 78 home
orlandomagic 120 miamiheat 99 home
goldenstatewarriors 100 philadelphiaSSers 98 away
utahjazz 103 detroitpistons 93 away
clevelandcavaliers 111 indianapacers 106 away
brooklynnets 102 losangeleslakers 100 away
sanantoniospurs 116 oklahomacitythunder 101 away
torontoraptors 93 chicagobulls 78 home
washingtonwizards 110 dallasmavericks 98 away
goldenstatewarriors 129 phoenixsuns 114 home
houstonrockets 88 losangelesclippers 71 away
minnesotatimberwolves 103 neworleanspelicans 94 away
newyorkknicks 113 utahjazz 109 home
orlandomagic 85 portlandtrailblazers 74 away
sacramentokings 112 sanantoniospurs 99 home
chicagobulls 90 atlantahawks 78 home
clevelandcavaliers 109 bostonceltics 104 home
indianapacers 112 denvernuggets 110 away
losangeleslakers 106 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
miamiheat 110 charlottehornets 90 home
philadelphiaSSers 114 milwaukeebucks 99 away
memphisgrizzlies 110 brooklynnets 103 away
atlantahawks 96 milwaukeebucks 80 home
dallasmavericks 109 minnesotatimberwolves 103 home
detroitpistons 109 clevelandcavaliers 74 home
utahjazz 106 philadelphiaSSers 95 away
houstonrockets 100 phoenixsuns 94 away
indianapacers 95 portlandtrailblazers 89 away
goldenstatewarriors 103 sacramentokings 96 away
sanantoniospurs 109 washingtonwizards 94 home
orlandomagic 110 oklahomacitythunder 94 away
torontoraptors 103 memphisgrizzlies 91 home
bostonceltics 104 newyorkknicks 59 home
goldenstatewarriors 113 houstonrockets 94 home
losangeleslakers 127 denvernuggets 99 home
neworleanspelicans 92 atlantahawks 86 away
dallasmavericks 91 portlandtrailblazers 80 home
denvernuggets 123 losangelesclippers 107 home
bostonceltics 95 miamiheat 85 away
sanantoniospurs 106 minnesotatimberwolves 91 away
newyorkknicks 91 milwaukeebucks 88 home
philadelphiaSSers 85 washingtonwizards 84 home
phoenixsuns 110 orlandomagic 106 home
oklahomacitythunder 95 indianapacers 93 home
torontoraptors 91 clevelandcavaliers 82 home
utahjazz 120 losangeleslakers 96 home
chicagobulls 111 charlottehornets 95 home
memphisgrizzlies 109 minnesotatimberwolves 80 home
detroitpistons 117 milwaukeebucks 91 away
brooklynnets 94 philadelphiaSSers 92 home
neworleanspelicans 112 dallasmavericks 108 home
sacramentokings 107 houstonrockets 99 home
washingtonwizards 101 torontoraptors 97 home
bostonceltics 80 clevelandcavaliers 70 home
denvernuggets 115 miamiheat 89 home
detroitpistons 118 brooklynnets 95 home
indianapacers 101 losangelesclippers 95 away
orlandomagic 104 losangeleslakers 97 away
phoenixsuns 115 newyorkknicks 104 away
sanantoniospurs 100 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
goldenstatewarriors 109 oklahomacitythunder 96 away
dallasmavericks 103 chicagobulls 98 away
orlandomagic 123 goldenstatewarriors 117 away
portlandtrailblazers 106 memphisgrizzlies 105 away
atlantahawks 88 philadelphiaSSers 79 away
torontoraptors 98 charlottehornets 79 home
utahjazz 110 miamiheat 101 home
detroitpistons 106 atlantahawks 95 away
brooklynnets 100 clevelandcavaliers 79 away
phoenixsuns 121 indianapacers 117 away
milwaukeebucks 87 losangelesclippers 78 away
losangeleslakers 116 minnesotatimberwolves 95 away
sacramentokings 117 utahjazz 107 home
chicagobulls 91 charlottehornets 82 away
losangeleslakers 111 denvernuggets 107 away
goldenstatewarriors 120 milwaukeebucks 90 home
houstonrockets 105 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
newyorkknicks 100 brooklynnets 93 away
detroitpistons 91 neworleanspelicans 76 away
bostonceltics 113 philadelphiaSSers 103 away
sanantoniospurs 97 dallasmavericks 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 95 losangelesclippers 88 home
phoenixsuns 136 torontoraptors 123 away
washingtonwizards 105 clevelandcavaliers 86 home
atlantahawks 90 minnesotatimberwolves 89 home
denvernuggets 122 dallasmavericks 109 away
portlandtrailblazers 112 miamiheat 106 home
bostonceltics 112 torontoraptors 84 home
chicagobulls 98 detroitpistons 91 away
goldenstatewarriors 120 miamiheat 113 home
houstonrockets 96 brooklynnets 89 away
neworleanspelicans 118 memphisgrizzlies 116 home
indianapacers 115 orlandomagic 109 away
philadelphiaSSers 101 newyorkknicks 90 home
losangelesclippers 97 sacramentokings 87 away
sanantoniospurs 104 utahjazz 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 milwaukeebucks 98 home
phoenixsuns 122 washingtonwizards 107 away
atlantahawks 86 memphisgrizzlies 78 home
charlottehornets 96 clevelandcavaliers 93 home
bostonceltics 92 chicagobulls 81 away
dallasmavericks 125 utahjazz 117 home
denvernuggets 101 sacramentokings 97 home
minnesotatimberwolves 100 phoenixsuns 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 105 newyorkknicks 77 away
detroitpistons 104 charlottehornets 85 home
miamiheat 100 losangelesclippers 94 away
losangeleslakers 123 goldenstatewarriors 113 home
neworleanspelicans 91 oklahomacitythunder 88 home
portlandtrailblazers 117 milwaukeebucks 113 home
torontoraptors 93 houstonrockets 80 home
washingtonwizards 104 brooklynnets 89 home
dallasmavericks 99 newyorkknicks 89 away
atlantahawks 98 orlandomagic 87 away
philadelphiaSSers 100 houstonrockets 88 home
miamiheat 117 phoenixsuns 113 away
sacramentokings 96 milwaukeebucks 93 home
torontoraptors 100 atlantahawks 88 away
chicagobulls 123 oklahomacitythunder 96 home
clevelandcavaliers 118 indianapacers 105 home
goldenstatewarriors 96 sanantoniospurs 84 home
detroitpistons 113 memphisgrizzlies 103 away
losangelesclippers 91 brooklynnets 82 away
portlandtrailblazers 97 utahjazz 89 away
washingtonwizards 102 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
bostonceltics 90 sacramentokings 78 home
charlottehornets 108 losangelesclippers 103 home
denvernuggets 105 neworleanspelicans 99 home
houstonrockets 80 detroitpistons 77 home
indianapacers 117 chicagobulls 102 home
milwaukeebucks 100 orlandomagic 86 home
oklahomacitythunder 117 newyorkknicks 110 away
philadelphiaSSers 98 minnesotatimberwolves 94 home
phoenixsuns 103 utahjazz 98 home
portlandtrailblazers 105 goldenstatewarriors 95 home
torontoraptors 92 dallasmavericks 76 home
losangeleslakers 102 sanantoniospurs 97 home
washingtonwizards 104 miamiheat 91 away
bostonceltics 104 milwaukeebucks 82 home
orlandomagic 103 charlottehornets 87 away
chicagobulls 101 newyorkknicks 96 home
dallasmavericks 89 neworleanspelicans 80 home
detroitpistons 91 atlantahawks 81 home
goldenstatewarriors 108 losangeleslakers 106 home
torontoraptors 104 indianapacers 93 away
losangelesclippers 98 memphisgrizzlies 91 away
oklahomacitythunder 99 minnesotatimberwolves 88 away
brooklynnets 105 clevelandcavaliers 97 home
sacramentokings 109 philadelphiaSSers 99 away
portlandtrailblazers 99 utahjazz 91 home
atlantahawks 93 charlottehornets 84 home
philadelphiaSSers 92 clevelandcavaliers 86 away
dallasmavericks 96 houstonrockets 83 away
indianapacers 106 miamiheat 103 away
milwaukeebucks 95 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
neworleanspelicans 101 phoenixsuns 98 home
newyorkknicks 94 brooklynnets 86 home
memphisgrizzlies 123 orlandomagic 119 away
sanantoniospurs 102 denvernuggets 91 home
utahjazz 96 oklahomacitythunder 75 home
washingtonwizards 92 sacramentokings 79 home
portlandtrailblazers 116 denvernuggets 105 away
detroitpistons 109 goldenstatewarriors 87 home
losangeleslakers 113 losangelesclippers 92 home
bostonceltics 90 torontoraptors 77 away
atlantahawks 116 utahjazz 111 home
clevelandcavaliers 104 milwaukeebucks 99 home
dallasmavericks 111 orlandomagic 108 home
goldenstatewarriors 125 memphisgrizzlies 117 away
miamiheat 91 minnesotatimberwolves 87 home
indianapacers 119 newyorkknicks 92 away
portlandtrailblazers 88 neworleanspelicans 76 home
phoenixsuns 100 sanantoniospurs 95 away
losangeleslakers 103 chicagobulls 91 away
torontoraptors 80 losangelesclippers 77 away
sacramentokings 106 brooklynnets 101 away
atlantahawks 114 miamiheat 111 home
detroitpistons 87 bostonceltics 85 away
charlottehornets 98 utahjazz 92 home
dallasmavericks 108 phoenixsuns 105 home
orlandomagic 97 houstonrockets 92 away
indianapacers 102 philadelphiaSSers 85 home
memphisgrizzlies 88 sanantoniospurs 85 home
sacramentokings 102 milwaukeebucks 89 away
goldenstatewarriors 111 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
newyorkknicks 108 clevelandcavaliers 90 home
portlandtrailblazers 101 torontoraptors 96 home
neworleanspelicans 107 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
chicagobulls 95 washingtonwizards 84 away
clevelandcavaliers 94 losangeleslakers 90 home
denvernuggets 112 houstonrockets 111 home
brooklynnets 107 miamiheat 103 away
bostonceltics 107 chicagobulls 82 home
charlottehornets 105 newyorkknicks 95 home
dallasmavericks 102 losangelesclippers 89 home
detroitpistons 94 memphisgrizzlies 67 home
minnesotatimberwolves 131 indianapacers 118 home
utahjazz 113 orlandomagic 94 away
losangeleslakers 106 philadelphiaSSers 101 away
portlandtrailblazers 99 denvernuggets 96 home
oklahomacitythunder 123 torontoraptors 115 home
atlantahawks 97 washingtonwizards 92 away
houstonrockets 116 chicagobulls 98 away
indianapacers 93 washingtonwizards 85 home
philadelphiaSSers 99 memphisgrizzlies 97 away
miamiheat 104 utahjazz 102 home
milwaukeebucks 103 charlottehornets 99 home
brooklynnets 100 goldenstatewarriors 95 home
neworleanspelicans 110 minnesotatimberwolves 76 home
phoenixsuns 122 torontoraptors 103 home
sanantoniospurs 99 losangelesclippers 90 home
bostonceltics 103 orlandomagic 91 home
goldenstatewarriors 105 clevelandcavaliers 96 away
detroitpistons 94 houstonrockets 82 home
losangeleslakers 95 newyorkknicks 90 away
denvernuggets 106 sacramentokings 105 away
clevelandcavaliers 96 miamiheat 82 home
losangeleslakers 122 phoenixsuns 115 home
portlandtrailblazers 89 oklahomacitythunder 79 home
bostonceltics 89 sacramentokings 69 away
sanantoniospurs 94 chicagobulls 79 home
utahjazz 99 dallasmavericks 90 home
atlantahawks 107 indianapacers 95 home
washingtonwizards 108 charlottehornets 104 away
denvernuggets 125 milwaukeebucks 105 home
goldenstatewarriors 105 minnesotatimberwolves 101 home
neworleanspelicans 116 memphisgrizzlies 98 away
detroitpistons 101 brooklynnets 83 away
orlandomagic 110 newyorkknicks 96 home
philadelphiaSSers 96 miamiheat 85 home
clevelandcavaliers 88 dallasmavericks 81 away
phoenixsuns 108 losangelesclippers 88 away
bostonceltics 104 oklahomacitythunder 96 away
neworleanspelicans 99 charlottehornets 85 away
chicagobulls 103 milwaukeebucks 99 home
detroitpistons 114 indianapacers 101 home
denvernuggets 124 goldenstatewarriors 120 away
losangeleslakers 123 utahjazz 109 home
houstonrockets 103 memphisgrizzlies 83 away
orlandomagic 121 miamiheat 114 away
brooklynnets 109 washingtonwizards 106 home
phoenixsuns 94 losangelesclippers 88 home
portlandtrailblazers 109 minnesotatimberwolves 98 home
philadelphiaSSers 92 sacramentokings 80 away
torontoraptors 83 sanantoniospurs 73 away
dallasmavericks 97 atlantahawks 84 home
houstonrockets 91 torontoraptors 79 home
detroitpistons 98 indianapacers 92 away
brooklynnets 97 milwaukeebucks 95 away
neworleanspelicans 86 clevelandcavaliers 76 home
orlandomagic 104 charlottehornets 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 minnesotatimberwolves 90 home
bostonceltics 104 utahjazz 98 away
washingtonwizards 96 miamiheat 74 home
goldenstatewarriors 105 denvernuggets 95 away
bostonceltics 110 losangeleslakers 91 away
chicagobulls 100 newyorkknicks 83 away
portlandtrailblazers 97 philadelphiaSSers 72 home
phoenixsuns 117 sacramentokings 102 away
sanantoniospurs 111 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
charlottehornets 107 indianapacers 103 home
orlandomagic 112 chicagobulls 110 away
detroitpistons 114 milwaukeebucks 69 home
goldenstatewarriors 112 houstonrockets 95 away
losangelesclippers 91 minnesotatimberwolves 82 home
torontoraptors 97 neworleanspelicans 92 away
philadelphiaSSers 98 oklahomacitythunder 90 away
utahjazz 111 portlandtrailblazers 101 home
bostonceltics 97 houstonrockets 93 home
chicagobulls 109 charlottehornets 97 away
clevelandcavaliers 98 atlantahawks 94 home
dallasmavericks 121 goldenstatewarriors 99 home
memphisgrizzlies 90 indianapacers 72 away
neworleanspelicans 95 losangelesclippers 81 away
milwaukeebucks 103 miamiheat 98 away
portlandtrailblazers 90 minnesotatimberwolves 79 away
sacramentokings 107 newyorkknicks 97 away
brooklynnets 96 orlandomagic 95 away
utahjazz 110 philadelphiaSSers 107 home
detroitpistons 106 washingtonwizards 93 away
portlandtrailblazers 115 chicagobulls 109 away
denvernuggets 80 sanantoniospurs 77 home
phoenixsuns 104 oklahomacitythunder 96 home
bostonceltics 100 memphisgrizzlies 96 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 sacramentokings 93 home
dallasmavericks 94 miamiheat 89 home
neworleanspelicans 116 goldenstatewarriors 104 away
indianapacers 113 atlantahawks 91 home
losangeleslakers 124 philadelphiaSSers 93 home
washingtonwizards 101 milwaukeebucks 77 away
denvernuggets 118 minnesotatimberwolves 107 away
brooklynnets 102 charlottehornets 96 home
houstonrockets 96 orlandomagic 94 away
sanantoniospurs 97 newyorkknicks 93 home
detroitpistons 101 torontoraptors 85 away
brooklynnets 113 atlantahawks 107 away
chicagobulls 94 sacramentokings 93 home
bostonceltics 92 detroitpistons 85 away
houstonrockets 103 newyorkknicks 91 home
neworleanspelicans 118 phoenixsuns 113 away
portlandtrailblazers 103 utahjazz 89 home
milwaukeebucks 93 charlottehornets 89 away
denvernuggets 109 philadelphiaSSers 96 home
sanantoniospurs 88 losangelesclippers 82 away
losangeleslakers 112 indianapacers 96 home
memphisgrizzlies 101 miamiheat 94 home
dallasmavericks 101 minnesotatimberwolves 78 away
clevelandcavaliers 93 torontoraptors 90 away
washingtonwizards 108 oklahomacitythunder 86 home
goldenstatewarriors 130 sanantoniospurs 121 home
phoenixsuns 137 denvernuggets 115 home
charlottehornets 115 brooklynnets 99 home
newyorkknicks 105 chicagobulls 100 away
clevelandcavaliers 95 oklahomacitythunder 79 home
losangeleslakers 117 memphisgrizzlies 101 away
minnesotatimberwolves 101 miamiheat 91 home
milwaukeebucks 87 philadelphiaSSers 83 away
sacramentokings 104 orlandomagic 100 home
utahjazz 111 indianapacers 89 home
houstonrockets 92 washingtonwizards 84 away
atlantahawks 90 clevelandcavaliers 81 home
charlottehornets 95 bostonceltics 83 away
dallasmavericks 102 detroitpistons 86 home
orlandomagic 113 losangelesclippers 106 away
milwaukeebucks 98 miamiheat 92 home
brooklynnets 99 oklahomacitythunder 88 home
losangeleslakers 109 neworleanspelicans 80 away
houstonrockets 101 newyorkknicks 92 away
phoenixsuns 129 indianapacers 122 home
portlandtrailblazers 109 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
torontoraptors 109 philadelphiaSSers 96 home
sacramentokings 116 memphisgrizzlies 113 home
detroitpistons 90 sanantoniospurs 80 away
utahjazz 108 phoenixsuns 86 home
washingtonwizards 102 atlantahawks 98 away
clevelandcavaliers 113 charlottehornets 106 home
denvernuggets 113 orlandomagic 103 home
goldenstatewarriors 116 memphisgrizzlies 104 home
houstonrockets 113 minnesotatimberwolves 82 home
losangeleslakers 110 milwaukeebucks 105 home
bostonceltics 86 brooklynnets 77 away
neworleanspelicans 114 miamiheat 88 home
torontoraptors 99 newyorkknicks 90 away
chicagobulls 100 philadelphiaSSers 97 away
dallasmavericks 90 oklahomacitythunder 70 away
detroitpistons 103 charlottehornets 100 away
dallasmavericks 95 losangelesclippers 94 away
phoenixsuns 122 milwaukeebucks 114 home
indianapacers 111 sacramentokings 105 away
sanantoniospurs 105 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
utahjazz 119 orlandomagic 115 home
washingtonwizards 85 bostonceltics 78 home
atlantahawks 105 chicagobulls 84 home
goldenstatewarriors 106 indianapacers 101 home
neworleanspelicans 87 houstonrockets 82 away
losangeleslakers 100 memphisgrizzlies 99 home
newyorkknicks 89 detroitpistons 65 home
torontoraptors 116 portlandtrailblazers 109 home
washingtonwizards 88 bostonceltics 83 away
charlottehornets 119 denvernuggets 116 home
portlandtrailblazers 99 brooklynnets 73 away
sacramentokings 122 dallasmavericks 120 home
sanantoniospurs 89 philadelphiaSSers 82 home
losangeleslakers 123 oklahomacitythunder 121 away
utahjazz 98 milwaukeebucks 87 home
atlantahawks 104 denvernuggets 93 home
detroitpistons 103 torontoraptors 89 home
philadelphiaSSers 111 houstonrockets 107 away
losangelesclippers 97 phoenixsuns 90 home
clevelandcavaliers 132 memphisgrizzlies 124 away
goldenstatewarriors 105 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
newyorkknicks 105 washingtonwizards 93 home
orlandomagic 102 chicagobulls 88 home
bostonceltics 100 portlandtrailblazers 90 home
charlottehornets 99 orlandomagic 93 home
indianapacers 125 goldenstatewarriors 117 home
chicagobulls 126 miamiheat 96 away
milwaukeebucks 87 atlantahawks 80 home
newyorkknicks 111 brooklynnets 105 away
neworleanspelicans 123 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
torontoraptors 116 sacramentokings 91 home
denvernuggets 120 utahjazz 109 home
phoenixsuns 106 losangeleslakers 98 away
clevelandcavaliers 90 sanantoniospurs 88 away
bostonceltics 116 philadelphiaSSers 89 home
goldenstatewarriors 119 chicagobulls 111 away
sacramentokings 100 detroitpistons 93 away
memphisgrizzlies 124 oklahomacitythunder 100 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 miamiheat 91 away
neworleanspelicans 112 charlottehornets 84 home
phoenixsuns 115 minnesotatimberwolves 95 home
torontoraptors 89 atlantahawks 78 home
utahjazz 106 losangelesclippers 88 home
washingtonwizards 111 newyorkknicks 98 home
charlottehornets 105 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
chicagobulls 97 detroitpistons 81 home
dallasmavericks 111 oklahomacitythunder 96 home
denvernuggets 111 minnesotatimberwolves 108 home
houstonrockets 83 sanantoniospurs 81 home
sacramentokings 110 indianapacers 104 away
losangelesclippers 120 brooklynnets 107 home
newyorkknicks 88 miamiheat 84 away
goldenstatewarriors 119 milwaukeebucks 99 away
orlandomagic 101 portlandtrailblazers 94 home
philadelphiaSSers 99 torontoraptors 95 home
phoenixsuns 116 brooklynnets 92 home
portlandtrailblazers 111 atlantahawks 109 away
sanantoniospurs 95 charlottehornets 86 away
minnesotatimberwolves 109 goldenstatewarriors 108 away
houstonrockets 96 oklahomacitythunder 89 home
utahjazz 109 losangelesclippers 93 away
losangeleslakers 116 denvernuggets 99 home
memphisgrizzlies 104 chicagobulls 90 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 miamiheat 90 away
neworleanspelicans 106 milwaukeebucks 92 home
bostonceltics 109 newyorkknicks 93 away
orlandomagic 102 detroitpistons 100 home
indianapacers 110 philadelphiaSSers 103 away
washingtonwizards 102 dallasmavericks 84 home
phoenixsuns 114 milwaukeebucks 105 away
sacramentokings 128 brooklynnets 94 home
torontoraptors 114 bostonceltics 112 away
dallasmavericks 102 charlottehornets 95 away
chicagobulls 108 indianapacers 95 home
clevelandcavaliers 121 washingtonwizards 85 home
denvernuggets 107 atlantahawks 100 home
losangelesclippers 111 sacramentokings 85 home
orlandomagic 112 memphisgrizzlies 85 away
minnesotatimberwolves 117 phoenixsuns 107 home
neworleanspelicans 96 portlandtrailblazers 81 home
detroitpistons 86 philadelphiaSSers 78 away
sanantoniospurs 103 losangeleslakers 91 home
houstonrockets 109 oklahomacitythunder 107 away
goldenstatewarriors 121 brooklynnets 119 home
sanantoniospurs 90 miamiheat 89 away
milwaukeebucks 104 indianapacers 92 home
bostonceltics 87 minnesotatimberwolves 86 home
charlottehornets 90 chicagobulls 77 away
phoenixsuns 110 clevelandcavaliers 108 away
dallasmavericks 112 losangeleslakers 105 home
denvernuggets 100 brooklynnets 85 home
detroitpistons 101 orlandomagic 93 home
neworleanspelicans 111 losangelesclippers 92 home
newyorkknicks 89 philadelphiaSSers 81 home
houstonrockets 89 portlandtrailblazers 79 away
atlantahawks 99 oklahomacitythunder 90 away
torontoraptors 106 milwaukeebucks 75 home
utahjazz 127 sacramentokings 113 home
washingtonwizards 104 memphisgrizzlies 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 103 charlottehornets 96 away
memphisgrizzlies 125 losangelesclippers 120 home
miamiheat 98 indianapacers 96 home
neworleanspelicans 102 sanantoniospurs 78 away
phoenixsuns 88 chicagobulls 77 away
dallasmavericks 90 denvernuggets 85 home
goldenstatewarriors 106 newyorkknicks 104 home
utahjazz 97 houstonrockets 89 away
clevelandcavaliers 98 losangeleslakers 95 away
milwaukeebucks 105 washingtonwizards 102 home
minnesotatimberwolves 98 brooklynnets 95 home
orlandomagic 96 bostonceltics 93 home
portlandtrailblazers 94 atlantahawks 93 home
sacramentokings 103 oklahomacitythunder 101 away
charlottehornets 107 losangelesclippers 100 away
dallasmavericks 103 memphisgrizzlies 84 away
neworleanspelicans 117 denvernuggets 93 home
utahjazz 97 sanantoniospurs 91 home
chicagobulls 96 minnesotatimberwolves 85 home
houstonrockets 111 goldenstatewarriors 107 home
detroitpistons 110 indianapacers 104 away
losangeleslakers 120 newyorkknicks 109 home
bostonceltics 117 miamiheat 87 away
brooklynnets 87 milwaukeebucks 80 home
phoenixsuns 125 atlantahawks 92 home
oklahomacitythunder 88 sanantoniospurs 85 home
washingtonwizards 108 torontoraptors 104 home
sacramentokings 105 charlottehornets 91 home
torontoraptors 122 washingtonwizards 83 home
utahjazz 100 newyorkknicks 89 home
losangelesclippers 95 atlantahawks 88 home
denvernuggets 106 memphisgrizzlies 102 away
minnesotatimberwolves 83 chicagobulls 67 home
goldenstatewarriors 116 neworleanspelicans 103 away
orlandomagic 107 miamiheat 91 home
philadelphiaSSers 112 milwaukeebucks 69 home
clevelandcavaliers 84 portlandtrailblazers 83 away
bostonceltics 96 dallasmavericks 90 home
detroitpistons 90 losangeleslakers 89 home
sanantoniospurs 84 phoenixsuns 81 away
oklahomacitythunder 101 clevelandcavaliers 95 home
goldenstatewarriors 127 charlottehornets 96 home
houstonrockets 106 indianapacers 103 away
brooklynnets 94 miamiheat 85 away
minnesotatimberwolves 104 losangelesclippers 83 home
orlandomagic 108 philadelphiaSSers 106 away
portlandtrailblazers 94 newyorkknicks 88 home
sacramentokings 112 neworleanspelicans 103 home
losangeleslakers 121 torontoraptors 101 away
utahjazz 96 washingtonwizards 87 away
atlantahawks 104 brooklynnets 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 98 losangelesclippers 84 home
denvernuggets 117 charlottehornets 101 home
orlandomagic 121 indianapacers 115 away
utahjazz 110 memphisgrizzlies 91 away
houstonrockets 91 milwaukeebucks 83 away
sacramentokings 105 chicagobulls 101 home
oklahomacitythunder 86 newyorkknicks 85 home
detroitpistons 90 dallasmavericks 67 home
losangeleslakers 103 washingtonwizards 91 away
atlantahawks 96 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
torontoraptors 114 miamiheat 82 away
houstonrockets 92 minnesotatimberwolves 86 away
losangelesclippers 103 newyorkknicks 94 away
dallasmavericks 107 orlandomagic 98 away
phoenixsuns 118 charlottehornets 104 home
denvernuggets 105 portlandtrailblazers 103 away
chicagobulls 118 oklahomacitythunder 108 away
utahjazz 110 neworleanspelicans 88 home
clevelandcavaliers 114 bostonceltics 113 home
sanantoniospurs 116 indianapacers 89 away
milwaukeebucks 102 memphisgrizzlies 97 away
losangeleslakers 105 brooklynnets 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 101 washingtonwizards 96 home
atlantahawks 98 losangeleslakers 95 home
bostonceltics 111 losangelesclippers 100 home
dallasmavericks 107 milwaukeebucks 96 home
utahjazz 118 denvernuggets 115 away
detroitpistons 100 miamiheat 95 home
indianapacers 103 newyorkknicks 100 away
orlandomagic 100 brooklynnets 84 home
neworleanspelicans 132 phoenixsuns 130 away
portlandtrailblazers 100 chicagobulls 97 home
oklahomacitythunder 105 sacramentokings 92 away
sanantoniospurs 85 washingtonwizards 77 away
chicagobulls 114 goldenstatewarriors 108 away
houstonrockets 92 clevelandcavaliers 77 home
philadelphiaSSers 101 miamiheat 84 home
clevelandcavaliers 100 atlantahawks 95 away
brooklynnets 104 charlottehornets 90 away
dallasmavericks 92 memphisgrizzlies 81 home
denvernuggets 111 washingtonwizards 100 home
detroitpistons 91 portlandtrailblazers 82 home
bostonceltics 88 minnesotatimberwolves 86 away
sanantoniospurs 99 newyorkknicks 93 away
losangeleslakers 117 orlandomagic 113 away
phoenixsuns 103 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
sacramentokings 117 utahjazz 104 home
losangelesclippers 102 torontoraptors 98 away
goldenstatewarriors 105 sacramentokings 102 home
houstonrockets 108 atlantahawks 89 home
indianapacers 101 portlandtrailblazers 93 home
newyorkknicks 99 milwaukeebucks 98 away
neworleanspelicans 112 memphisgrizzlies 99 home
philadelphiaSSers 101 losangelesclippers 80 home
utahjazz 97 chicagobulls 87 home
bostonceltics 98 sanantoniospurs 90 home
denvernuggets 113 clevelandcavaliers 83 away
detroitpistons 113 charlottehornets 87 home
losangeleslakers 104 miamiheat 94 away
torontoraptors 105 minnesotatimberwolves 82 away
brooklynnets 101 dallasmavericks 82 home
phoenixsuns 108 washingtonwizards 107 home
losangeleslakers 106 charlottehornets 97 away
goldenstatewarriors 120 washingtonwizards 117 home
houstonrockets 95 portlandtrailblazers 83 home
losangelesclippers 96 milwaukeebucks 89 away
clevelandcavaliers 118 orlandomagic 111 away
philadelphiaSSers 84 dallasmavericks 76 home
sanantoniospurs 93 torontoraptors 88 away
detroitpistons 94 atlantahawks 90 away
neworleanspelicans 100 chicagobulls 86 away
bostonceltics 104 indianapacers 97 away
memphisgrizzlies 107 sacramentokings 94 home
denvernuggets 114 miamiheat 113 away
brooklynnets 92 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
bostonceltics 111 newyorkknicks 103 home
charlottehornets 100 atlantahawks 98 home
sanantoniospurs 112 clevelandcavaliers 105 away
dallasmavericks 96 portlandtrailblazers 76 home
detroitpistons 96 indianapacers 80 home
goldenstatewarriors 120 phoenixsuns 118 home
houstonrockets 89 sacramentokings 87 home
washingtonwizards 91 losangelesclippers 89 away
neworleanspelicans 111 milwaukeebucks 107 away
losangeleslakers 117 minnesotatimberwolves 92 away
orlandomagic 109 denvernuggets 98 home
philadelphiaSSers 102 memphisgrizzlies 88 home
utahjazz 112 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
torontoraptors 109 brooklynnets 91 home
chicagobulls 99 miamiheat 92 home
phoenixsuns 109 dallasmavericks 97 home
houstonrockets 93 clevelandcavaliers 85 away
denvernuggets 124 bostonceltics 118 home
orlandomagic 103 detroitpistons 85 away
losangeleslakers 122 atlantahawks 93 home
minnesotatimberwolves 104 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
sacramentokings 105 portlandtrailblazers 94 away
sanantoniospurs 85 charlottehornets 65 home
oklahomacitythunder 108 memphisgrizzlies 101 home
utahjazz 119 goldenstatewarriors 109 home
newyorkknicks 113 washingtonwizards 100 away
goldenstatewarriors 119 bostonceltics 117 home
clevelandcavaliers 106 indianapacers 97 away
losangelesclippers 100 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
milwaukeebucks 103 detroitpistons 98 home
brooklynnets 110 chicagobulls 102 home
neworleanspelicans 104 dallasmavericks 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 124 newyorkknicks 84 home
losangeleslakers 130 phoenixsuns 124 away
sacramentokings 119 atlantahawks 107 home
torontoraptors 127 orlandomagic 110 home
houstonrockets 112 miamiheat 100 home
sanantoniospurs 100 minnesotatimberwolves 99 away
portlandtrailblazers 92 oklahomacitythunder 88 home
sacramentokings 116 charlottehornets 115 away
chicagobulls 135 denvernuggets 121 home
clevelandcavaliers 90 washingtonwizards 89 home
detroitpistons 127 milwaukeebucks 100 home
atlantahawks 117 goldenstatewarriors 110 away
indianapacers 113 brooklynnets 103 home
losangelesclippers 114 utahjazz 104 home
dallasmavericks 98 memphisgrizzlies 83 away
houstonrockets 100 neworleanspelicans 80 away
newyorkknicks 103 torontoraptors 99 home
orlandomagic 115 philadelphiaSSers 99 home
phoenixsuns 85 bostonceltics 77 home
oklahomacitythunder 99 portlandtrailblazers 87 home
losangeleslakers 113 losangelesclippers 95 home
philadelphiaSSers 101 miamiheat 96 away
milwaukeebucks 115 denvernuggets 109 home
brooklynnets 102 indianapacers 91 home
sanantoniospurs 98 neworleanspelicans 89 home
utahjazz 100 atlantahawks 94 home
washingtonwizards 110 charlottehornets 95 home
clevelandcavaliers 109 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
houstonrockets 110 chicagobulls 97 home
dallasmavericks 99 minnesotatimberwolves 83 away
orlandomagic 112 sacramentokings 93 home
detroitpistons 116 phoenixsuns 86 away
bostonceltics 112 portlandtrailblazers 102 away
losangeleslakers 111 oklahomacitythunder 91 away
torontoraptors 115 newyorkknicks 92 home
dallasmavericks 102 chicagobulls 94 home
detroitpistons 98 denvernuggets 93 away
torontoraptors 102 indianapacers 98 away
bostonceltics 104 losangelesclippers 76 away
washingtonwizards 95 neworleanspelicans 92 away
sanantoniospurs 89 atlantahawks 74 home
goldenstatewarriors 105 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
houstonrockets 94 washingtonwizards 69 home
losangeleslakers 96 portlandtrailblazers 83 home
phoenixsuns 127 memphisgrizzlies 113 away
miamiheat 107 sacramentokings 86 home
milwaukeebucks 105 clevelandcavaliers 102 home
minnesotatimberwolves 111 utahjazz 100 home
orlandomagic 102 brooklynnets 92 away
atlantahawks 123 sacramentokings 117 home
bostonceltics 92 clevelandcavaliers 87 home
chicagobulls 113 indianapacers 107 away
portlandtrailblazers 82 losangelesclippers 80 away
neworleanspelicans 120 phoenixsuns 103 home
newyorkknicks 113 charlottehornets 89 home
philadelphiaSSers 101 orlandomagic 89 home
denvernuggets 138 oklahomacitythunder 96 away
torontoraptors 107 minnesotatimberwolves 85 home
utahjazz 103 detroitpistons 95 home
losangeleslakers 106 miamiheat 88 home
brooklynnets 120 milwaukeebucks 106 home
sanantoniospurs 97 dallasmavericks 94 home
atlantahawks 99 newyorkknicks 93 home
bostonceltics 108 charlottehornets 100 home
washingtonwizards 97 chicagobulls 91 away
clevelandcavaliers 92 minnesotatimberwolves 84 home
dallasmavericks 115 sacramentokings 106 home
denvernuggets 110 losangelesclippers 104 home
goldenstatewarriors 119 philadelphiaSSers 97 home
houstonrockets 116 memphisgrizzlies 95 home
neworleanspelicans 110 utahjazz 98 home
portlandtrailblazers 119 losangeleslakers 111 home
miamiheat 103 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
indianapacers 122 torontoraptors 111 away
detroitpistons 103 losangelesclippers 73 away
utahjazz 113 memphisgrizzlies 92 away
sanantoniospurs 96 milwaukeebucks 94 away
orlandomagic 118 newyorkknicks 92 home
philadelphiaSSers 119 phoenixsuns 114 away
bostonceltics 98 atlantahawks 88 home
charlottehornets 110 torontoraptors 98 home
clevelandcavaliers 95 chicagobulls 86 home
goldenstatewarriors 110 portlandtrailblazers 104 home
houstonrockets 103 denvernuggets 89 home
indianapacers 128 milwaukeebucks 106 home
losangeleslakers 108 dallasmavericks 104 home
oklahomacitythunder 111 minnesotatimberwolves 108 away
sanantoniospurs 93 brooklynnets 83 away
sacramentokings 120 miamiheat 109 home
washingtonwizards 101 neworleanspelicans 84 home
philadelphiaSSers 106 losangelesclippers 80 away
neworleanspelicans 100 newyorkknicks 88 away
utahjazz 116 dallasmavericks 110 home
goldenstatewarriors 135 atlantahawks 118 away
chicagobulls 112 memphisgrizzlies 97 home
detroitpistons 100 oklahomacitythunder 97 home
charlottehornets 109 minnesotatimberwolves 89 away
orlandomagic 102 torontoraptors 87 home
phoenixsuns 97 portlandtrailblazers 92 away
losangeleslakers 117 sacramentokings 105 away
sanantoniospurs 81 brooklynnets 70 home
bostonceltics 90 detroitpistons 78 home
charlottehornets 118 goldenstatewarriors 109 home
denvernuggets 126 phoenixsuns 113 home
houstonrockets 117 indianapacers 99 home
losangelesclippers 116 sacramentokings 109 home
memphisgrizzlies 100 brooklynnets 93 home
torontoraptors 108 miamiheat 83 away
milwaukeebucks 118 oklahomacitythunder 106 home
neworleanspelicans 116 atlantahawks 101 home
clevelandcavaliers 119 newyorkknicks 105 away
utahjazz 105 minnesotatimberwolves 76 home
orlandomagic 122 washingtonwizards 92 away
chicagobulls 107 clevelandcavaliers 96 home
houstonrockets 113 dallasmavericks 98 away
sanantoniospurs 108 indianapacers 97 home
bostonceltics 116 chicagobulls 93 home
charlottehornets 108 atlantahawks 93 home
denvernuggets 109 sanantoniospurs 96 home
losangeleslakers 119 losangelesclippers 82 home
goldenstatewarriors 134 miamiheat 99 away
portlandtrailblazers 103 milwaukeebucks 101 away
neworleanspelicans 107 brooklynnets 96 home
detroitpistons 101 newyorkknicks 97 away
philadelphiaSSers 117 oklahomacitythunder 83 home
utahjazz 126 phoenixsuns 118 away
minnesotatimberwolves 111 sacramentokings 103 away
washingtonwizards 110 torontoraptors 106 away
minnesotatimberwolves 99 losangelesclippers 96 away
bostonceltics 119 memphisgrizzlies 89 away
portlandtrailblazers 120 newyorkknicks 114 away
goldenstatewarriors 104 orlandomagic 95 away
utahjazz 132 denvernuggets 105 home
charlottehornets 100 washingtonwizards 97 away
atlantahawks 97 miamiheat 94 home
clevelandcavaliers 103 indianapacers 95 home
dallasmavericks 111 brooklynnets 91 home
houstonrockets 106 neworleanspelicans 96 home
detroitpistons 116 chicagobulls 109 home
sacramentokings 114 losangeleslakers 113 away
philadelphiaSSers 119 milwaukeebucks 97 away
phoenixsuns 94 sanantoniospurs 87 home
torontoraptors 114 oklahomacitythunder 106 home
clevelandcavaliers 88 portlandtrailblazers 80 home
dallasmavericks 108 newyorkknicks 79 home
houstonrockets 91 brooklynnets 73 home
losangelesclippers 99 miamiheat 98 away
orlandomagic 123 atlantahawks 112 home
bostonceltics 100 philadelphiaSSers 86 away
sanantoniospurs 107 denvernuggets 103 home
chicagobulls 108 utahjazz 96 home
indianapacers 114 oklahomacitythunder 107 home
losangeleslakers 117 torontoraptors 108 home
portlandtrailblazers 103 minnesotatimberwolves 96 away
phoenixsuns 132 memphisgrizzlies 111 home
washingtonwizards 105 milwaukeebucks 97 home
houstonrockets 83 atlantahawks 75 away
bostonceltics 111 oklahomacitythunder 82 home
dallasmavericks 118 charlottehornets 93 home
denvernuggets 108 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
philadelphiaSSers 83 detroitpistons 82 away
goldenstatewarriors 117 torontoraptors 106 home
newyorkknicks 91 miamiheat 88 away
utahjazz 114 milwaukeebucks 110 away
brooklynnets 104 clevelandcavaliers 99 home
neworleanspelicans 100 sanantoniospurs 75 home
orlandomagic 110 losangelesclippers 88 home
phoenixsuns 123 goldenstatewarriors 115 home
sacramentokings 96 portlandtrailblazers 85 home
washingtonwizards 101 clevelandcavaliers 99 home
atlantahawks 117 losangelesclippers 93 home
utahjazz 110 bostonceltics 92 away
philadelphiaSSers 110 chicagobulls 106 away
dallasmavericks 116 indianapacers 97 home
denvernuggets 137 torontoraptors 105 home
detroitpistons 84 sanantoniospurs 80 home
houstonrockets 89 charlottehornets 80 home
orlandomagic 103 miamiheat 94 away
neworleanspelicans 108 losangeleslakers 98 home
minnesotatimberwolves 121 oklahomacitythunder 116 away
goldenstatewarriors 110 memphisgrizzlies 107 home
bostonceltics 99 milwaukeebucks 77 away
brooklynnets 117 utahjazz 115 home
orlandomagic 122 indianapacers 111 home
philadelphiaSSers 103 sanantoniospurs 96 home
phoenixsuns 127 sacramentokings 99 home
portlandtrailblazers 107 minnesotatimberwolves 96 home
washingtonwizards 119 losangelesclippers 109 home
clevelandcavaliers 98 charlottehornets 91 home
denvernuggets 168 oklahomacitythunder 116 home
detroitpistons 105 neworleanspelicans 84 home
houstonrockets 104 losangeleslakers 92 home
dallasmavericks 98 miamiheat 73 away
atlantahawks 109 newyorkknicks 98 away
sacramentokings 106 torontoraptors 100 home
indianapacers 110 newyorkknicks 98 home
memphisgrizzlies 98 charlottehornets 80 home
minnesotatimberwolves 99 losangelesclippers 90 home
neworleanspelicans 108 chicagobulls 97 home
orlandomagic 104 clevelandcavaliers 90 home
bostonceltics 93 sanantoniospurs 91 away
utahjazz 96 torontoraptors 79 home
atlantahawks 105 washingtonwizards 96 away
chicagobulls 112 brooklynnets 96 home
losangeleslakers 102 dallasmavericks 100 away
detroitpistons 136 denvernuggets 120 home
bostonceltics 94 houstonrockets 74 away
miamiheat 112 milwaukeebucks 106 away
phoenixsuns 111 portlandtrailblazers 98 away
sacramentokings 122 goldenstatewarriors 105 home
clevelandcavaliers 89 detroitpistons 73 home
indianapacers 102 charlottehornets 95 home
goldenstatewarriors 116 losangelesclippers 100 away
minnesotatimberwolves 98 memphisgrizzlies 94 home
brooklynnets 125 atlantahawks 117 home
neworleanspelicans 90 houstonrockets 69 home
washingtonwizards 87 orlandomagic 86 away
philadelphiaSSers 115 denvernuggets 113 home
phoenixsuns 110 oklahomacitythunder 98 away
torontoraptors 96 miamiheat 54 home
sanantoniospurs 102 chicagobulls 80 away
bostonceltics 94 dallasmavericks 90 away
losangeleslakers 106 utahjazz 95 away
clevelandcavaliers 90 torontoraptors 83 home
houstonrockets 109 goldenstatewarriors 106 away
indianapacers 124 minnesotatimberwolves 113 home
losangeleslakers 130 oklahomacitythunder 105 home
washingtonwizards 103 miamiheat 86 away
denvernuggets 125 brooklynnets 114 away
memphisgrizzlies 120 newyorkknicks 106 away
orlandomagic 113 philadelphiaSSers 95 home
portlandtrailblazers 107 losangelesclippers 102 home
sanantoniospurs 102 sacramentokings 89 home
atlantahawks 98 orlandomagic 90 home
charlottehornets 94 miamiheat 82 home
indianapacers 108 chicagobulls 101 away
portlandtrailblazers 83 losangelesclippers 72 away
memphisgrizzlies 117 sacramentokings 111 home
milwaukeebucks 108 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
minnesotatimberwolves 114 newyorkknicks 93 home
neworleanspelicans 113 bostonceltics 106 home
philadelphiaSSers 91 brooklynnets 87 home
phoenixsuns 122 houstonrockets 113 home
utahjazz 115 oklahomacitythunder 101 home
sanantoniospurs 88 dallasmavericks 81 away
goldenstatewarriors 115 losangeleslakers 111 away
denvernuggets 109 torontoraptors 100 away
washingtonwizards 95 detroitpistons 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 95 bostonceltics 90 away
detroitpistons 110 phoenixsuns 105 home
losangeleslakers 123 goldenstatewarriors 119 away
houstonrockets 108 sacramentokings 100 home
denvernuggets 120 memphisgrizzlies 106 away
miamiheat 78 milwaukeebucks 73 home
brooklynnets 106 newyorkknicks 91 away
oklahomacitythunder 97 portlandtrailblazers 84 home
chicagobulls 103 atlantahawks 94 home
dallasmavericks 103 losangelesclippers 90 home
neworleanspelicans 114 indianapacers 106 away
sanantoniospurs 107 orlandomagic 97 away
portlandtrailblazers 102 washingtonwizards 82 home
utahjazz 128 charlottehornets 106 home
atlantahawks 115 milwaukeebucks 96 home
bostonceltics 117 phoenixsuns 97 home
neworleanspelicans 100 clevelandcavaliers 99 away
houstonrockets 97 minnesotatimberwolves 86 home
charlottehornets 108 losangeleslakers 95 away
brooklynnets 124 indianapacers 117 home
newyorkknicks 103 miamiheat 96 home
philadelphiaSSers 121 chicagobulls 99 home
sacramentokings 107 memphisgrizzlies 106 home
sanantoniospurs 97 losangelesclippers 88 home
washingtonwizards 104 oklahomacitythunder 99 away
torontoraptors 89 detroitpistons 82 home
denvernuggets 118 dallasmavericks 105 home
detroitpistons 85 miamiheat 69 home
goldenstatewarriors 111 portlandtrailblazers 95 home
atlantahawks 106 chicagobulls 103 home
bostonceltics 112 neworleanspelicans 92 home
indianapacers 123 brooklynnets 115 home
memphisgrizzlies 114 losangeleslakers 111 away
orlandomagic 103 milwaukeebucks 86 away
phoenixsuns 107 philadelphiaSSers 93 away
washingtonwizards 114 sacramentokings 108 away
sanantoniospurs 99 minnesotatimberwolves 84 home
charlottehornets 96 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
torontoraptors 103 newyorkknicks 95 home
utahjazz 121 losangelesclippers 101 home
chicagobulls 114 milwaukeebucks 111 home
denvernuggets 119 goldenstatewarriors 112 home
detroitpistons 85 clevelandcavaliers 71 home
losangelesclippers 110 memphisgrizzlies 97 home
phoenixsuns 110 brooklynnets 104 away
charlottehornets 93 portlandtrailblazers 85 away
atlantahawks 114 newyorkknicks 109 home
bostonceltics 88 miamiheat 62 home
clevelandcavaliers 91 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
goldenstatewarriors 114 dallasmavericks 104 home
losangeleslakers 126 washingtonwizards 120 home
minnesotatimberwolves 110 utahjazz 103 home
sanantoniospurs 109 houstonrockets 88 home
sacramentokings 120 oklahomacitythunder 107 away
neworleanspelicans 118 torontoraptors 111 away
torontoraptors 104 charlottehornets 100 away
indianapacers 105 miamiheat 85 home
dallasmavericks 93 losangelesclippers 86 away
atlantahawks 116 memphisgrizzlies 99 away
phoenixsuns 132 denvernuggets 117 home
utahjazz 129 washingtonwizards 87 home
bostonceltics 106 chicagobulls 92 away
denvernuggets 126 phoenixsuns 120 home
milwaukeebucks 119 newyorkknicks 115 home
detroitpistons 94 minnesotatimberwolves 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 108 brooklynnets 99 away
neworleanspelicans 98 orlandomagic 97 away
sacramentokings 99 houstonrockets 98 home
sanantoniospurs 116 goldenstatewarriors 92 home
atlantahawks 127 torontoraptors 120 home
bostonceltics 92 indianapacers 77 home
clevelandcavaliers 118 charlottehornets 114 away
dallasmavericks 111 goldenstatewarriors 86 home
losangeleslakers 104 portlandtrailblazers 91 home
memphisgrizzlies 130 newyorkknicks 114 home
neworleanspelicans 106 miamiheat 77 away
losangelesclippers 102 oklahomacitythunder 84 away
utahjazz 117 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
milwaukeebucks 110 washingtonwizards 109 away
chicagobulls 101 clevelandcavaliers 98 away
houstonrockets 95 portlandtrailblazers 86 away
sacramentokings 110 losangelesclippers 98 home
philadelphiaSSers 109 atlantahawks 104 away
detroitpistons 106 brooklynnets 87 home
losangeleslakers 112 dallasmavericks 108 home
goldenstatewarriors 117 memphisgrizzlies 86 away
indianapacers 105 milwaukeebucks 101 away
neworleanspelicans 118 newyorkknicks 110 home
phoenixsuns 117 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
houstonrockets 79 oklahomacitythunder 66 away
charlottehornets 105 torontoraptors 100 away
utahjazz 90 sanantoniospurs 64 home
washingtonwizards 109 miamiheat 95 home
bostonceltics 101 charlottehornets 78 away
washingtonwizards 99 chicagobulls 87 away
orlandomagic 101 clevelandcavaliers 86 away
sacramentokings 118 denvernuggets 115 away
brooklynnets 99 torontoraptors 90 home
atlantahawks 92 philadelphiaSSers 85 away
indianapacers 105 milwaukeebucks 97 home
houstonrockets 105 losangelesclippers 79 away
detroitpistons 91 miamiheat 75 away
memphisgrizzlies 113 minnesotatimberwolves 101 away
neworleanspelicans 108 goldenstatewarriors 96 home
newyorkknicks 100 orlandomagic 90 home
dallasmavericks 105 phoenixsuns 98 away
sanantoniospurs 72 portlandtrailblazers 65 away
losangeleslakers 114 sacramentokings 92 away
oklahomacitythunder 151 denvernuggets 147 home
charlottehornets 121 minnesotatimberwolves 119 home
dallasmavericks 99 oklahomacitythunder 83 home
newyorkknicks 98 detroitpistons 94 away
goldenstatewarriors 140 sacramentokings 132 home
indianapacers 112 atlantahawks 98 home
denvernuggets 117 losangelesclippers 99 away
phoenixsuns 127 memphisgrizzlies 113 away
miamiheat 95 chicagobulls 88 home
bostonceltics 107 milwaukeebucks 104 away
utahjazz 77 neworleanspelicans 66 away
portlandtrailblazers 112 losangeleslakers 103 home
clevelandcavaliers 104 brooklynnets 83 home
houstonrockets 103 oklahomacitythunder 80 home
neworleanspelicans 122 minnesotatimberwolves 90 away
newyorkknicks 109 charlottehornets 107 home
orlandomagic 115 chicagobulls 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 101 detroitpistons 94 home
phoenixsuns 96 sanantoniospurs 79 away
torontoraptors 111 milwaukeebucks 93 home
washingtonwizards 109 bostonceltics 95 home
dallasmavericks 97 utahjazz 94 home
denvernuggets 114 goldenstatewarriors 105 away
losangeleslakers 106 losangelesclippers 78 home
indianapacers 85 philadelphiaSSers 76 away
sacramentokings 103 portlandtrailblazers 86 home
sanantoniospurs 95 oklahomacitythunder 74 home
torontoraptors 113 brooklynnets 85 home
bostonceltics 102 milwaukeebucks 86 home
chicagobulls 100 clevelandcavaliers 95 home
detroitpistons 102 washingtonwizards 74 home
houstonrockets 101 phoenixsuns 90 home
losangeleslakers 107 neworleanspelicans 104 home
memphisgrizzlies 96 miamiheat 91 away
atlantahawks 116 newyorkknicks 104 away
minnesotatimberwolves 102 orlandomagic 101 away
bostonceltics 99 atlantahawks 89 away
goldenstatewarriors 122 losangelesclippers 116 home
charlottehornets 107 indianapacers 103 away
minnesotatimberwolves 114 memphisgrizzlies 105 away
brooklynnets 111 milwaukeebucks 98 away
portlandtrailblazers 108 dallasmavericks 105 home
sacramentokings 94 neworleanspelicans 91 home
utahjazz 124 denvernuggets 97 home
washingtonwizards 109 philadelphiaSSers 93 home
orlandomagic 104 chicagobulls 84 away
clevelandcavaliers 84 miamiheat 76 home
denvernuggets 111 houstonrockets 94 home
detroitpistons 91 torontoraptors 84 home
losangeleslakers 106 sanantoniospurs 85 home
oklahomacitythunder 99 dallasmavericks 95 home
chicagobulls 151 milwaukeebucks 135 away
bostonceltics 99 newyorkknicks 93 away
clevelandcavaliers 91 philadelphiaSSers 90 away
phoenixsuns 122 goldenstatewarriors 116 home
sanantoniospurs 101 sacramentokings 98 away
torontoraptors 91 miamiheat 75 home
utahjazz 105 houstonrockets 96 home
washingtonwizards 117 indianapacers 110 home
orlandomagic 121 atlantahawks 105 away
detroitpistons 115 minnesotatimberwolves 103 home
losangeleslakers 124 sacramentokings 101 home
brooklynnets 112 charlottehornets 108 home
neworleanspelicans 114 losangelesclippers 92 home
portlandtrailblazers 113 memphisgrizzlies 91 home
bostonceltics 105 brooklynnets 94 home
charlottehornets 115 philadelphiaSSers 109 home
chicagobulls 107 torontoraptors 97 home
detroitpistons 84 clevelandcavaliers 74 away
dallasmavericks 111 neworleanspelicans 98 home
denvernuggets 120 memphisgrizzlies 111 home
oklahomacitythunder 126 goldenstatewarriors 121 away
houstonrockets 93 losangelesclippers 75 home
indianapacers 132 newyorkknicks 123 home
miamiheat 113 atlantahawks 99 home
minnesotatimberwolves 110 milwaukeebucks 101 home
orlandomagic 103 washingtonwizards 83 home
phoenixsuns 100 portlandtrailblazers 91 home
sanantoniospurs 109 utahjazz 80 home
playoffs
clevelandcavaliers 93 washingtonwizards 86 home
utahjazz 93 houstonrockets 82 away
neworleanspelicans 104 dallasmavericks 92 home
sanantoniospurs 117 phoenixsuns 115 home
bostonceltics 104 atlantahawks 81 home
philadelphiaSSers 90 detroitpistons 86 away
losangeleslakers 128 denvernuggets 114 home
orlandomagic 114 torontoraptors 100 home
clevelandcavaliers 116 washingtonwizards 86 home
utahjazz 90 houstonrockets 84 away
neworleanspelicans 127 dallasmavericks 103 home
orlandomagic 104 torontoraptors 103 home
sanantoniospurs 102 phoenixsuns 96 home
bostonceltics 96 atlantahawks 77 home
detroitpistons 105 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
losangeleslakers 122 denvernuggets 107 home
torontoraptors 108 orlandomagic 94 home
houstonrockets 94 utahjazz 92 away
washingtonwizards 108 clevelandcavaliers 72 home
dallasmavericks 97 neworleanspelicans 87 home
philadelphiaSSers 95 detroitpistons 75 home
sanantoniospurs 115 phoenixsuns 99 away
atlantahawks 102 bostonceltics 93 home
losangeleslakers 102 denvernuggets 84 away
orlandomagic 106 torontoraptors 94 away
utahjazz 86 houstonrockets 82 home
neworleanspelicans 97 dallasmavericks 84 away
detroitpistons 93 philadelphiaSSers 84 away
phoenixsuns 105 sanantoniospurs 86 home
clevelandcavaliers 100 washingtonwizards 97 away
atlantahawks 97 bostonceltics 92 home
losangeleslakers 107 denvernuggets 101 away
orlandomagic 102 torontoraptors 92 home
detroitpistons 98 philadelphiaSSers 81 home
houstonrockets 95 utahjazz 69 home
neworleanspelicans 99 dallasmavericks 94 home
sanantoniospurs 92 phoenixsuns 87 home
bostonceltics 110 atlantahawks 85 home
washingtonwizards 88 clevelandcavaliers 87 away
detroitpistons 100 philadelphiaSSers 77 away
atlantahawks 103 bostonceltics 100 home
utahjazz 113 houstonrockets 91 home
clevelandcavaliers 105 washingtonwizards 88 away
detroitpistons 91 orlandomagic 72 home
neworleanspelicans 101 sanantoniospurs 82 home
bostonceltics 99 atlantahawks 65 home
losangeleslakers 109 utahjazz 98 home
detroitpistons 100 orlandomagic 93 home
neworleanspelicans 102 sanantoniospurs 84 home
bostonceltics 76 clevelandcavaliers 72 home
losangeleslakers 120 utahjazz 110 home
orlandomagic 111 detroitpistons 86 home
bostonceltics 89 clevelandcavaliers 73 home
sanantoniospurs 110 neworleanspelicans 99 home
utahjazz 104 losangeleslakers 99 home
clevelandcavaliers 108 bostonceltics 84 home
detroitpistons 90 orlandomagic 89 away
sanantoniospurs 100 neworleanspelicans 80 home
utahjazz 123 losangeleslakers 115 home
clevelandcavaliers 88 bostonceltics 77 home
detroitpistons 91 orlandomagic 86 home
neworleanspelicans 101 sanantoniospurs 79 home
bostonceltics 96 clevelandcavaliers 89 home
losangeleslakers 111 utahjazz 104 home
sanantoniospurs 99 neworleanspelicans 80 home
clevelandcavaliers 74 bostonceltics 69 home
losangeleslakers 108 utahjazz 105 away
bostonceltics 97 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
sanantoniospurs 91 neworleanspelicans 82 away
bostonceltics 88 detroitpistons 79 home
losangeleslakers 89 sanantoniospurs 85 home
detroitpistons 103 bostonceltics 97 away
losangeleslakers 101 sanantoniospurs 71 home
bostonceltics 94 detroitpistons 80 away
sanantoniospurs 103 losangeleslakers 84 home
detroitpistons 94 bostonceltics 75 home
losangeleslakers 93 sanantoniospurs 91 away
bostonceltics 106 detroitpistons 102 home
losangeleslakers 100 sanantoniospurs 92 home
bostonceltics 89 detroitpistons 81 away
bostonceltics 98 losangeleslakers 88 home
bostonceltics 108 losangeleslakers 102 home
losangeleslakers 87 bostonceltics 81 home
bostonceltics 97 losangeleslakers 91 away
losangeleslakers 103 bostonceltics 98 home
bostonceltics 131 losangeleslakers 92 home
yearEnd
bostonceltics 90 clevelandcavaliers 85 home
chicagobulls 108 milwaukeebucks 95 home
losangeleslakers 96 portlandtrailblazers 76 home
detroitpistons 100 indianapacers 94 home
neworleanspelicans 108 goldenstatewarriors 103 away
houstonrockets 82 memphisgrizzlies 71 home
losangeleslakers 117 losangelesclippers 79 home
minnesotatimberwolves 98 sacramentokings 96 home
newyorkknicks 120 miamiheat 115 home
milwaukeebucks 98 oklahomacitythunder 87 away
atlantahawks 99 orlandomagic 85 away
torontoraptors 95 philadelphiaSSers 84 away
phoenixsuns 103 sanantoniospurs 98 away
utahjazz 98 denvernuggets 94 home
brooklynnets 95 washingtonwizards 85 away
clevelandcavaliers 96 charlottehornets 79 home
houstonrockets 112 dallasmavericks 102 away
neworleanspelicans 108 phoenixsuns 95 away
bostonceltics 96 chicagobulls 80 home
denvernuggets 113 losangelesclippers 103 away
memphisgrizzlies 86 orlandomagic 84 home
miamiheat 103 sacramentokings 77 home
philadelphiaSSers 116 newyorkknicks 87 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 sanantoniospurs 99 home
torontoraptors 112 goldenstatewarriors 108 home
atlantahawks 95 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
charlottehornets 100 miamiheat 87 home
chicagobulls 96 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
losangeleslakers 104 denvernuggets 97 away
detroitpistons 117 washingtonwizards 109 home
houstonrockets 89 oklahomacitythunder 77 home
indianapacers 95 bostonceltics 79 home
torontoraptors 91 milwaukeebucks 87 away
dallasmavericks 95 minnesotatimberwolves 85 away
goldenstatewarriors 105 brooklynnets 97 away
neworleanspelicans 104 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
orlandomagic 121 sacramentokings 103 home
phoenixsuns 107 portlandtrailblazers 96 home
utahjazz 101 losangelesclippers 79 home
milwaukeebucks 94 newyorkknicks 86 away
oklahomacitythunder 88 minnesotatimberwolves 85 home
detroitpistons 101 charlottehornets 83 away
clevelandcavaliers 100 dallasmavericks 81 away
utahjazz 89 losangelesclippers 73 away
memphisgrizzlies 90 goldenstatewarriors 79 home
orlandomagic 96 chicagobulls 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 125 sacramentokings 91 home
bostonceltics 103 houstonrockets 99 away
phoenixsuns 114 brooklynnets 86 away
dallasmavericks 98 sanantoniospurs 81 away
clevelandcavaliers 107 chicagobulls 93 home
goldenstatewarriors 111 denvernuggets 101 home
phoenixsuns 113 indianapacers 103 away
losangeleslakers 106 losangelesclippers 88 home
miamiheat 106 philadelphiaSSers 83 home
milwaukeebucks 112 washingtonwizards 104 home
sanantoniospurs 129 minnesotatimberwolves 125 away
atlantahawks 87 neworleanspelicans 79 away
newyorkknicks 101 charlottehornets 98 home
bostonceltics 96 oklahomacitythunder 83 away
sacramentokings 100 memphisgrizzlies 95 home
detroitpistons 100 torontoraptors 93 away
utahjazz 103 portlandtrailblazers 96 home
orlandomagic 98 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
portlandtrailblazers 101 houstonrockets 99 home
atlantahawks 110 torontoraptors 92 home
bostonceltics 101 milwaukeebucks 89 home
charlottehornets 92 neworleanspelicans 89 home
chicagobulls 100 phoenixsuns 83 home
clevelandcavaliers 111 indianapacers 107 home
denvernuggets 108 dallasmavericks 105 home
memphisgrizzlies 109 goldenstatewarriors 104 away
houstonrockets 92 losangelesclippers 83 away
brooklynnets 103 detroitpistons 96 home
sacramentokings 121 minnesotatimberwolves 109 home
miamiheat 99 sanantoniospurs 83 away
utahjazz 104 oklahomacitythunder 97 home
newyorkknicks 114 washingtonwizards 108 away
clevelandcavaliers 106 chicagobulls 97 away
indianapacers 98 brooklynnets 80 home
phoenixsuns 104 milwaukeebucks 96 away
neworleanspelicans 100 miamiheat 89 home
orlandomagic 106 washingtonwizards 81 home
portlandtrailblazers 97 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
torontoraptors 89 charlottehornets 79 away
denvernuggets 100 memphisgrizzlies 90 home
bostonceltics 88 detroitpistons 76 away
losangelesclippers 103 dallasmavericks 92 home
losangeleslakers 111 houstonrockets 82 home
newyorkknicks 107 utahjazz 99 home
atlantahawks 89 oklahomacitythunder 85 away
sacramentokings 115 goldenstatewarriors 98 home
bostonceltics 94 torontoraptors 87 home
indianapacers 107 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
miamiheat 99 brooklynnets 94 home
portlandtrailblazers 106 orlandomagic 99 away
phoenixsuns 107 memphisgrizzlies 102 home
denvernuggets 88 charlottehornets 80 away
atlantahawks 113 chicagobulls 108 away
clevelandcavaliers 99 milwaukeebucks 93 home
losangeleslakers 106 dallasmavericks 99 away
goldenstatewarriors 113 minnesotatimberwolves 110 home
utahjazz 93 philadelphiaSSers 80 away
detroitpistons 100 sacramentokings 92 away
sanantoniospurs 92 newyorkknicks 80 home
bostonceltics 103 atlantahawks 102 home
sacramentokings 103 losangelesclippers 98 away
newyorkknicks 132 memphisgrizzlies 103 away
portlandtrailblazers 104 miamiheat 96 away
milwaukeebucks 82 sanantoniospurs 78 home
indianapacers 98 brooklynnets 87 away
losangeleslakers 93 neworleanspelicans 86 away
orlandomagic 109 oklahomacitythunder 92 away
houstonrockets 94 phoenixsuns 82 away
philadelphiaSSers 106 torontoraptors 96 away
washingtonwizards 95 utahjazz 87 home
chicagobulls 98 dallasmavericks 91 home
clevelandcavaliers 110 denvernuggets 99 home
detroitpistons 107 goldenstatewarriors 102 away
detroitpistons 106 losangeleslakers 95 away
milwaukeebucks 101 memphisgrizzlies 96 away
miamiheat 97 washingtonwizards 77 home
brooklynnets 115 atlantahawks 108 home
neworleanspelicans 87 portlandtrailblazers 82 home
newyorkknicks 116 oklahomacitythunder 106 home
phoenixsuns 97 sacramentokings 95 away
sanantoniospurs 77 houstonrockets 75 home
denvernuggets 94 bostonceltics 85 away
charlottehornets 104 utahjazz 96 home
orlandomagic 102 dallasmavericks 100 away
philadelphiaSSers 94 indianapacers 92 away
brooklynnets 119 atlantahawks 107 away
chicagobulls 104 indianapacers 91 home
clevelandcavaliers 105 utahjazz 93 home
houstonrockets 91 neworleanspelicans 82 home
goldenstatewarriors 121 losangelesclippers 103 away
bostonceltics 102 milwaukeebucks 97 away
portlandtrailblazers 88 minnesotatimberwolves 83 away
philadelphiaSSers 110 oklahomacitythunder 85 home
orlandomagic 90 charlottehornets 85 away
denvernuggets 90 minnesotatimberwolves 84 home
dallasmavericks 124 newyorkknicks 114 away
phoenixsuns 104 detroitpistons 86 home
sanantoniospurs 90 sacramentokings 88 away
torontoraptors 107 miamiheat 96 home
sanantoniospurs 86 losangelesclippers 83 away
houstonrockets 100 oklahomacitythunder 89 away
utahjazz 109 phoenixsuns 97 home
bostonceltics 110 newyorkknicks 101 home
dallasmavericks 100 charlottehornets 83 away
denvernuggets 114 milwaukeebucks 105 home
goldenstatewarriors 111 portlandtrailblazers 106 home
indianapacers 113 atlantahawks 96 home
losangeleslakers 116 chicagobulls 109 home
memphisgrizzlies 109 sacramentokings 94 home
clevelandcavaliers 106 brooklynnets 82 away
orlandomagic 103 torontoraptors 90 home
miamiheat 94 washingtonwizards 87 away
atlantahawks 91 washingtonwizards 87 home
detroitpistons 96 clevelandcavaliers 89 home
dallasmavericks 96 houstonrockets 86 away
torontoraptors 101 miamiheat 95 away
minnesotatimberwolves 102 philadelphiaSSers 96 home
sacramentokings 105 neworleanspelicans 96 away
losangelesclippers 108 oklahomacitythunder 88 away
portlandtrailblazers 116 chicagobulls 74 home
denvernuggets 91 sanantoniospurs 81 away
utahjazz 105 milwaukeebucks 94 home
bostonceltics 98 detroitpistons 80 home
losangeleslakers 105 phoenixsuns 92 away
atlantahawks 88 charlottehornets 83 home
dallasmavericks 91 memphisgrizzlies 76 home
chicagobulls 115 goldenstatewarriors 110 away
orlandomagic 100 indianapacers 98 away
losangeleslakers 104 denvernuggets 90 home
milwaukeebucks 104 newyorkknicks 87 home
bostonceltics 95 minnesotatimberwolves 78 away
neworleanspelicans 105 oklahomacitythunder 80 away
philadelphiaSSers 89 losangelesclippers 88 home
portlandtrailblazers 117 sacramentokings 96 away
sanantoniospurs 119 utahjazz 94 home
brooklynnets 129 torontoraptors 127 away
houstonrockets 103 washingtonwizards 91 away
milwaukeebucks 79 charlottehornets 74 away
clevelandcavaliers 110 atlantahawks 96 home
utahjazz 103 memphisgrizzlies 94 away
miamiheat 109 indianapacers 100 home
brooklynnets 112 losangelesclippers 95 home
neworleanspelicans 109 oklahomacitythunder 97 home
newyorkknicks 122 washingtonwizards 117 home
houstonrockets 100 orlandomagic 95 away
phoenixsuns 102 portlandtrailblazers 92 home
denvernuggets 114 chicagobulls 101 home
minnesotatimberwolves 106 detroitpistons 80 away
losangeleslakers 118 sacramentokings 108 home
philadelphiaSSers 89 goldenstatewarriors 81 home
bostonceltics 118 torontoraptors 103 away
charlottehornets 93 philadelphiaSSers 84 home
neworleanspelicans 99 losangelesclippers 87 away
sanantoniospurs 94 memphisgrizzlies 81 away
houstonrockets 107 miamiheat 98 away
orlandomagic 108 milwaukeebucks 101 home
portlandtrailblazers 91 sacramentokings 90 home
chicagobulls 101 utahjazz 100 away
dallasmavericks 109 indianapacers 106 home
losangeleslakers 120 brooklynnets 93 home
clevelandcavaliers 119 newyorkknicks 101 away
phoenixsuns 99 oklahomacitythunder 98 away
washingtonwizards 124 goldenstatewarriors 100 home
atlantahawks 102 milwaukeebucks 96 home
bostonceltics 119 goldenstatewarriors 111 home
clevelandcavaliers 117 oklahomacitythunder 82 home
detroitpistons 110 newyorkknicks 96 home
indianapacers 91 houstonrockets 90 away
denvernuggets 106 losangelesclippers 105 away
phoenixsuns 110 minnesotatimberwolves 102 away
orlandomagic 96 philadelphiaSSers 94 away
portlandtrailblazers 106 miamiheat 68 home
brooklynnets 116 sacramentokings 114 away
sanantoniospurs 98 chicagobulls 88 home
torontoraptors 93 charlottehornets 86 home
utahjazz 117 memphisgrizzlies 100 home
neworleanspelicans 105 denvernuggets 101 away
orlandomagic 105 washingtonwizards 90 away
bostonceltics 102 philadelphiaSSers 78 home
clevelandcavaliers 112 goldenstatewarriors 97 home
detroitpistons 107 milwaukeebucks 97 home
charlottehornets 115 indianapacers 108 away
losangeleslakers 114 dallasmavericks 107 home
minnesotatimberwolves 105 oklahomacitythunder 103 away
miamiheat 107 phoenixsuns 92 away
portlandtrailblazers 101 neworleanspelicans 86 home
sanantoniospurs 109 memphisgrizzlies 98 home
torontoraptors 93 atlantahawks 88 home
utahjazz 120 sacramentokings 94 home
bostonceltics 89 charlottehornets 84 away
houstonrockets 103 sanantoniospurs 84 home
losangelesclippers 97 miamiheat 96 home
oklahomacitythunder 111 memphisgrizzlies 103 away
clevelandcavaliers 97 milwaukeebucks 85 away
denvernuggets 106 minnesotatimberwolves 97 away
newyorkknicks 138 goldenstatewarriors 125 home
orlandomagic 110 indianapacers 96 home
dallasmavericks 101 sacramentokings 78 away
brooklynnets 105 utahjazz 88 away
atlantahawks 102 washingtonwizards 98 away
denvernuggets 104 houstonrockets 94 home
portlandtrailblazers 96 detroitpistons 85 away
losangeleslakers 112 torontoraptors 99 home
chicagobulls 103 philadelphiaSSers 92 away
brooklynnets 117 phoenixsuns 109 away
bostonceltics 107 orlandomagic 88 home
charlottehornets 100 minnesotatimberwolves 90 home
miamiheat 130 goldenstatewarriors 129 away
philadelphiaSSers 103 chicagobulls 95 away
dallasmavericks 100 losangelesclippers 98 home
denvernuggets 132 torontoraptors 93 home
indianapacers 118 losangeleslakers 117 home
washingtonwizards 108 brooklynnets 88 away
portlandtrailblazers 104 newyorkknicks 97 away
utahjazz 99 sacramentokings 94 away
detroitpistons 89 sanantoniospurs 77 away
atlantahawks 105 memphisgrizzlies 95 home
bostonceltics 114 indianapacers 96 home
charlottehornets 103 oklahomacitythunder 97 home
clevelandcavaliers 118 newyorkknicks 82 home
houstonrockets 103 losangelesclippers 96 home
milwaukeebucks 97 chicagobulls 90 home
neworleanspelicans 104 phoenixsuns 91 home
orlandomagic 100 minnesotatimberwolves 89 home
losangeleslakers 114 philadelphiaSSers 102 away
miamiheat 93 utahjazz 89 away
portlandtrailblazers 98 washingtonwizards 92 away
dallasmavericks 112 phoenixsuns 97 home
sanantoniospurs 108 denvernuggets 91 away
atlantahawks 98 newyorkknicks 95 home
bostonceltics 93 portlandtrailblazers 78 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 indianapacers 73 home
philadelphiaSSers 96 detroitpistons 91 away
houstonrockets 131 goldenstatewarriors 112 home
memphisgrizzlies 93 losangelesclippers 81 home
milwaukeebucks 101 charlottehornets 96 home
brooklynnets 113 minnesotatimberwolves 84 home
orlandomagic 98 oklahomacitythunder 89 home
utahjazz 114 torontoraptors 87 home
losangeleslakers 106 washingtonwizards 104 away
clevelandcavaliers 94 charlottehornets 74 away
chicagobulls 117 washingtonwizards 110 home
dallasmavericks 100 atlantahawks 98 home
miamiheat 105 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
losangelesclippers 107 minnesotatimberwolves 84 away
neworleanspelicans 106 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
brooklynnets 95 philadelphiaSSers 84 away
phoenixsuns 106 utahjazz 104 home
denvernuggets 118 sacramentokings 85 away
sanantoniospurs 123 goldenstatewarriors 88 home
bostonceltics 122 indianapacers 117 away
losangeleslakers 105 milwaukeebucks 92 home
newyorkknicks 104 detroitpistons 92 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 torontoraptors 97 away
orlandomagic 95 losangelesclippers 88 away
memphisgrizzlies 109 houstonrockets 97 home
miamiheat 100 charlottehornets 96 home
goldenstatewarriors 112 oklahomacitythunder 102 away
chicagobulls 105 newyorkknicks 100 home
clevelandcavaliers 114 torontoraptors 94 home
sanantoniospurs 133 dallasmavericks 126 away
houstonrockets 92 atlantahawks 84 home
utahjazz 99 minnesotatimberwolves 96 away
phoenixsuns 125 milwaukeebucks 110 home
orlandomagic 109 portlandtrailblazers 108 away
sacramentokings 113 losangeleslakers 101 home
washingtonwizards 107 detroitpistons 94 home
denvernuggets 116 minnesotatimberwolves 105 home
goldenstatewarriors 119 milwaukeebucks 96 home
losangeleslakers 115 phoenixsuns 110 home
newyorkknicks 121 brooklynnets 109 away
neworleanspelicans 105 charlottehornets 89 home
memphisgrizzlies 108 oklahomacitythunder 102 away
clevelandcavaliers 101 philadelphiaSSers 93 away
sanantoniospurs 95 atlantahawks 89 home
torontoraptors 101 indianapacers 88 home
dallasmavericks 95 charlottehornets 90 home
utahjazz 97 portlandtrailblazers 88 home
bostonceltics 122 washingtonwizards 88 away
bostonceltics 94 neworleanspelicans 82 home
clevelandcavaliers 88 philadelphiaSSers 72 home
detroitpistons 114 indianapacers 110 home
houstonrockets 119 goldenstatewarriors 108 away
losangeleslakers 112 sacramentokings 103 home
memphisgrizzlies 103 chicagobulls 96 home
atlantahawks 87 miamiheat 73 away
sanantoniospurs 98 minnesotatimberwolves 86 away
torontoraptors 101 brooklynnets 79 away
phoenixsuns 113 orlandomagic 112 home
losangelesclippers 120 portlandtrailblazers 112 away
atlantahawks 97 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
detroitpistons 90 charlottehornets 86 away
chicagobulls 113 brooklynnets 104 home
dallasmavericks 103 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
denvernuggets 123 goldenstatewarriors 105 home
losangelesclippers 95 houstonrockets 82 home
milwaukeebucks 121 indianapacers 103 home
philadelphiaSSers 104 washingtonwizards 89 home
newyorkknicks 114 sacramentokings 90 away
orlandomagic 103 utahjazz 94 away
losangeleslakers 98 minnesotatimberwolves 86 home
memphisgrizzlies 102 miamiheat 86 home
sanantoniospurs 109 oklahomacitythunder 104 home
neworleanspelicans 99 torontoraptors 91 away
atlantahawks 83 charlottehornets 79 home
bostonceltics 100 utahjazz 91 home
denvernuggets 98 dallasmavericks 88 away
orlandomagic 109 goldenstatewarriors 98 away
milwaukeebucks 98 miamiheat 83 away
phoenixsuns 111 newyorkknicks 103 home
sacramentokings 118 minnesotatimberwolves 103 home
brooklynnets 94 torontoraptors 87 away
indianapacers 118 washingtonwizards 98 away
charlottehornets 110 chicagobulls 101 home
houstonrockets 108 denvernuggets 96 home
losangeleslakers 116 newyorkknicks 114 home
neworleanspelicans 91 memphisgrizzlies 84 away
losangelesclippers 98 oklahomacitythunder 88 away
portlandtrailblazers 109 sacramentokings 77 home
bostonceltics 88 atlantahawks 85 away
chicagobulls 115 losangelesclippers 109 home
detroitpistons 88 washingtonwizards 74 home
indianapacers 127 goldenstatewarriors 120 home
clevelandcavaliers 93 minnesotatimberwolves 70 away
utahjazz 103 brooklynnets 92 away
neworleanspelicans 90 sanantoniospurs 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 93 milwaukeebucks 88 home
dallasmavericks 96 torontoraptors 86 away
orlandomagic 90 sanantoniospurs 78 home
portlandtrailblazers 124 phoenixsuns 119 home
utahjazz 120 detroitpistons 114 away
houstonrockets 107 sacramentokings 96 home
losangelesclippers 117 indianapacers 109 away
charlottehornets 112 memphisgrizzlies 83 away
miamiheat 89 losangeleslakers 87 home
brooklynnets 121 dallasmavericks 97 home
milwaukeebucks 105 newyorkknicks 81 away
oklahomacitythunder 91 torontoraptors 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 109 washingtonwizards 103 away
atlantahawks 115 goldenstatewarriors 99 home
bostonceltics 126 chicagobulls 108 home
clevelandcavaliers 105 denvernuggets 88 away
goldenstatewarriors 110 charlottehornets 103 away
chicagobulls 106 utahjazz 98 home
milwaukeebucks 119 losangelesclippers 85 home
houstonrockets 109 minnesotatimberwolves 102 away
miamiheat 106 brooklynnets 103 away
neworleanspelicans 99 sacramentokings 90 home
orlandomagic 106 losangeleslakers 103 home
indianapacers 95 philadelphiaSSers 94 away
phoenixsuns 108 denvernuggets 101 home
sanantoniospurs 107 torontoraptors 97 home
atlantahawks 85 detroitpistons 78 home
bostonceltics 124 newyorkknicks 105 home
clevelandcavaliers 102 oklahomacitythunder 91 away
dallasmavericks 97 washingtonwizards 86 away
denvernuggets 97 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
torontoraptors 97 losangelesclippers 75 away
losangeleslakers 105 memphisgrizzlies 96 away
houstonrockets 114 brooklynnets 91 away
orlandomagic 113 goldenstatewarriors 81 home
sanantoniospurs 101 sacramentokings 85 home
atlantahawks 99 oklahomacitythunder 88 home
bostonceltics 110 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
charlottehornets 80 washingtonwizards 72 home
clevelandcavaliers 99 houstonrockets 90 home
dallasmavericks 100 memphisgrizzlies 82 home
detroitpistons 104 chicagobulls 98 home
brooklynnets 108 indianapacers 107 away
miamiheat 96 goldenstatewarriors 88 home
milwaukeebucks 94 utahjazz 86 home
losangeleslakers 100 neworleanspelicans 87 away
portlandtrailblazers 101 denvernuggets 92 home
sanantoniospurs 99 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
clevelandcavaliers 93 washingtonwizards 89 home
losangeleslakers 92 bostonceltics 83 home
orlandomagic 88 neworleanspelicans 68 home
sanantoniospurs 91 phoenixsuns 90 away
dallasmavericks 102 portlandtrailblazers 94 away
denvernuggets 105 philadelphiaSSers 101 home
detroitpistons 90 oklahomacitythunder 88 home
goldenstatewarriors 99 bostonceltics 89 home
memphisgrizzlies 108 indianapacers 105 home
miamiheat 90 chicagobulls 77 home
charlottehornets 95 brooklynnets 87 away
neworleanspelicans 88 houstonrockets 79 home
minnesotatimberwolves 120 newyorkknicks 107 away
torontoraptors 107 sacramentokings 101 away
utahjazz 97 dallasmavericks 88 home
atlantahawks 129 chicagobulls 117 home
brooklynnets 114 charlottehornets 103 away
houstonrockets 120 utahjazz 115 home
detroitpistons 87 milwaukeebucks 76 away
orlandomagic 118 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
portlandtrailblazers 102 torontoraptors 89 home
sanantoniospurs 106 memphisgrizzlies 103 home
washingtonwizards 104 oklahomacitythunder 95 home
clevelandcavaliers 93 miamiheat 86 home
neworleanspelicans 105 indianapacers 103 away
dallasmavericks 98 losangelesclippers 76 away
losangeleslakers 130 goldenstatewarriors 113 home
denvernuggets 117 newyorkknicks 110 away
bostonceltics 108 sacramentokings 63 away
atlantahawks 109 denvernuggets 91 home
detroitpistons 88 orlandomagic 82 home
goldenstatewarriors 117 torontoraptors 111 home
washingtonwizards 89 houstonrockets 87 away
minnesotatimberwolves 108 memphisgrizzlies 98 home
chicagobulls 100 brooklynnets 87 away
phoenixsuns 110 oklahomacitythunder 102 away
utahjazz 112 philadelphiaSSers 95 home
newyorkknicks 93 charlottehornets 89 away
dallasmavericks 107 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
atlantahawks 110 indianapacers 104 away
phoenixsuns 101 memphisgrizzlies 89 away
miamiheat 104 clevelandcavaliers 95 home
neworleanspelicans 97 washingtonwizards 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 91 bostonceltics 86 home
sacramentokings 92 losangelesclippers 90 home
milwaukeebucks 100 sanantoniospurs 98 away
orlandomagic 113 chicagobulls 94 away
detroitpistons 83 brooklynnets 75 home
houstonrockets 85 milwaukeebucks 81 home
philadelphiaSSers 100 losangelesclippers 92 away
oklahomacitythunder 107 goldenstatewarriors 100 home
denvernuggets 114 torontoraptors 107 away
bostonceltics 108 washingtonwizards 83 home
clevelandcavaliers 117 chicagobulls 92 home
dallasmavericks 96 philadelphiaSSers 86 home
detroitpistons 98 sacramentokings 92 home
losangeleslakers 113 utahjazz 100 home
sanantoniospurs 91 memphisgrizzlies 80 away
milwaukeebucks 103 charlottehornets 75 home
minnesotatimberwolves 115 goldenstatewarriors 108 home
brooklynnets 93 atlantahawks 91 home
indianapacers 105 newyorkknicks 103 away
denvernuggets 122 oklahomacitythunder 120 away
orlandomagic 86 miamiheat 76 home
phoenixsuns 106 losangelesclippers 98 home
neworleanspelicans 92 portlandtrailblazers 77 away
torontoraptors 94 houstonrockets 73 home
atlantahawks 103 houstonrockets 100 home
charlottehornets 102 milwaukeebucks 92 home
minnesotatimberwolves 102 chicagobulls 92 away
denvernuggets 105 neworleanspelicans 100 home
indianapacers 122 sacramentokings 117 home
miamiheat 101 brooklynnets 96 home
sanantoniospurs 108 philadelphiaSSers 106 home
detroitpistons 88 losangelesclippers 87 away
losangeleslakers 100 portlandtrailblazers 86 home
memphisgrizzlies 102 dallasmavericks 82 home
newyorkknicks 100 bostonceltics 88 home
torontoraptors 108 orlandomagic 102 home
washingtonwizards 80 clevelandcavaliers 77 home
denvernuggets 135 indianapacers 115 home
sanantoniospurs 91 miamiheat 84 away
milwaukeebucks 107 torontoraptors 97 home
brooklynnets 98 sacramentokings 90 home
utahjazz 119 goldenstatewarriors 114 home
charlottehornets 114 bostonceltics 106 home
chicagobulls 99 sacramentokings 94 home
dallasmavericks 107 losangelesclippers 102 home
neworleanspelicans 116 losangeleslakers 105 away
minnesotatimberwolves 94 memphisgrizzlies 87 away
oklahomacitythunder 107 newyorkknicks 99 home
orlandomagic 89 washingtonwizards 80 home
philadelphiaSSers 104 houstonrockets 96 home
orlandomagic 106 atlantahawks 102 away
houstonrockets 89 bostonceltics 85 away
clevelandcavaliers 111 charlottehornets 81 home
denvernuggets 108 miamiheat 97 home
losangeleslakers 114 goldenstatewarriors 106 away
philadelphiaSSers 110 milwaukeebucks 105 away
minnesotatimberwolves 129 oklahomacitythunder 87 home
brooklynnets 100 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
indianapacers 113 phoenixsuns 110 away
portlandtrailblazers 84 detroitpistons 83 home
utahjazz 116 neworleanspelicans 90 home
torontoraptors 99 washingtonwizards 93 away
dallasmavericks 99 newyorkknicks 94 home
sanantoniospurs 106 losangelesclippers 84 home
chicagobulls 98 washingtonwizards 86 home
clevelandcavaliers 98 bostonceltics 83 home
detroitpistons 93 denvernuggets 90 away
losangeleslakers 121 indianapacers 119 home
milwaukeebucks 104 brooklynnets 102 home
neworleanspelicans 107 losangelesclippers 80 home
houstonrockets 98 oklahomacitythunder 96 away
orlandomagic 121 atlantahawks 87 home
philadelphiaSSers 93 charlottehornets 87 home
phoenixsuns 128 dallasmavericks 100 home
miamiheat 119 sacramentokings 115 away
torontoraptors 103 memphisgrizzlies 82 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 chicagobulls 98 away
houstonrockets 96 newyorkknicks 76 home
minnesotatimberwolves 106 milwaukeebucks 104 home
portlandtrailblazers 113 goldenstatewarriors 100 home
utahjazz 99 detroitpistons 82 home
charlottehornets 92 washingtonwizards 89 away
philadelphiaSSers 109 atlantahawks 94 away
goldenstatewarriors 120 indianapacers 117 home
phoenixsuns 109 losangelesclippers 103 away
losangeleslakers 108 miamiheat 105 home
sacramentokings 102 dallasmavericks 95 home
orlandomagic 105 sanantoniospurs 98 away
bostonceltics 94 torontoraptors 88 away
bostonceltics 115 torontoraptors 109 home
portlandtrailblazers 109 chicagobulls 95 away
brooklynnets 103 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
newyorkknicks 101 neworleanspelicans 95 away
utahjazz 120 indianapacers 113 home
milwaukeebucks 97 washingtonwizards 91 away
denvernuggets 99 dallasmavericks 97 home
charlottehornets 80 detroitpistons 78 away
losangeleslakers 105 houstonrockets 100 away
clevelandcavaliers 102 memphisgrizzlies 87 away
miamiheat 99 minnesotatimberwolves 96 away
phoenixsuns 107 atlantahawks 102 home
orlandomagic 139 sacramentokings 107 away
bostonceltics 118 brooklynnets 86 home
neworleanspelicans 104 dallasmavericks 97 away
sacramentokings 135 goldenstatewarriors 133 away
indianapacers 110 detroitpistons 106 home
atlantahawks 97 losangelesclippers 80 away
miamiheat 102 milwaukeebucks 99 away
newyorkknicks 128 washingtonwizards 122 home
oklahomacitythunder 114 utahjazz 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 100 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
sanantoniospurs 112 losangeleslakers 111 home
chicagobulls 102 torontoraptors 98 away
chicagobulls 102 clevelandcavaliers 93 home
denvernuggets 119 phoenixsuns 113 home
portlandtrailblazers 105 brooklynnets 99 away
clevelandcavaliers 92 neworleanspelicans 78 home
goldenstatewarriors 119 atlantahawks 114 home
indianapacers 111 torontoraptors 104 home
orlandomagic 109 losangeleslakers 103 away
utahjazz 101 memphisgrizzlies 91 away
oklahomacitythunder 89 detroitpistons 79 home
philadelphiaSSers 109 sanantoniospurs 87 home
minnesotatimberwolves 105 phoenixsuns 103 away
milwaukeebucks 129 sacramentokings 122 away
washingtonwizards 96 newyorkknicks 89 home
charlottehornets 102 portlandtrailblazers 97 home
sanantoniospurs 92 chicagobulls 87 away
dallasmavericks 115 utahjazz 108 home
orlandomagic 106 denvernuggets 88 away
neworleanspelicans 91 detroitpistons 85 away
houstonrockets 93 miamiheat 86 home
losangelesclippers 101 milwaukeebucks 92 home
bostonceltics 105 brooklynnets 85 away
philadelphiaSSers 107 newyorkknicks 97 away
miamiheat 104 oklahomacitythunder 94 away
phoenixsuns 117 torontoraptors 113 away
atlantahawks 87 torontoraptors 84 home
bostonceltics 104 phoenixsuns 87 home
sanantoniospurs 86 charlottehornets 84 away
goldenstatewarriors 119 washingtonwizards 98 home
houstonrockets 115 denvernuggets 113 home
minnesotatimberwolves 94 losangelesclippers 86 away
losangeleslakers 105 clevelandcavaliers 88 home
detroitpistons 87 memphisgrizzlies 79 away
neworleanspelicans 103 indianapacers 100 home
newyorkknicks 102 chicagobulls 98 home
dallasmavericks 95 philadelphiaSSers 93 away
portlandtrailblazers 102 milwaukeebucks 85 home
atlantahawks 105 chicagobulls 102 away
denvernuggets 118 sacramentokings 99 home
sanantoniospurs 99 indianapacers 81 home
utahjazz 112 minnesotatimberwolves 107 home
charlottehornets 101 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
detroitpistons 95 torontoraptors 76 home
oklahomacitythunder 122 goldenstatewarriors 121 away
houstonrockets 108 utahjazz 99 home
losangeleslakers 108 losangelesclippers 97 home
bostonceltics 98 miamiheat 83 away
milwaukeebucks 133 dallasmavericks 99 home
neworleanspelicans 102 brooklynnets 92 home
newyorkknicks 114 phoenixsuns 109 home
clevelandcavaliers 104 portlandtrailblazers 98 away
washingtonwizards 110 sacramentokings 107 away
losangeleslakers 117 washingtonwizards 97 home
bostonceltics 90 orlandomagic 80 away
losangelesclippers 107 oklahomacitythunder 104 home
minnesotatimberwolves 116 neworleanspelicans 108 home
newyorkknicks 108 memphisgrizzlies 88 home
sanantoniospurs 94 brooklynnets 91 home
atlantahawks 117 milwaukeebucks 87 home
charlottehornets 98 phoenixsuns 76 home
torontoraptors 114 chicagobulls 94 away
dallasmavericks 112 detroitpistons 91 away
clevelandcavaliers 106 goldenstatewarriors 105 away
indianapacers 107 houstonrockets 102 home
brooklynnets 99 memphisgrizzlies 88 away
miamiheat 103 orlandomagic 97 home
milwaukeebucks 106 sacramentokings 104 home
philadelphiaSSers 116 newyorkknicks 110 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 washingtonwizards 87 home
clevelandcavaliers 102 utahjazz 97 away
phoenixsuns 104 atlantahawks 99 away
bostonceltics 124 dallasmavericks 100 home
denvernuggets 117 utahjazz 97 home
houstonrockets 108 detroitpistons 105 away
goldenstatewarriors 107 losangelesclippers 92 home
indianapacers 98 charlottehornets 93 home
losangeleslakers 99 sanantoniospurs 85 home
minnesotatimberwolves 109 chicagobulls 108 home
torontoraptors 113 sacramentokings 97 home
portlandtrailblazers 113 losangelesclippers 88 away
miamiheat 95 atlantahawks 79 home
minnesotatimberwolves 90 milwaukeebucks 83 away
neworleanspelicans 101 philadelphiaSSers 86 home
newyorkknicks 104 houstonrockets 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 94 brooklynnets 85 home
phoenixsuns 103 washingtonwizards 87 away
clevelandcavaliers 117 sacramentokings 110 home
charlottehornets 117 losangeleslakers 110 away
denvernuggets 100 memphisgrizzlies 85 away
orlandomagic 135 indianapacers 111 home
sanantoniospurs 106 utahjazz 100 away
bostonceltics 119 sacramentokings 100 home
dallasmavericks 117 goldenstatewarriors 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 95 houstonrockets 93 away
indianapacers 107 milwaukeebucks 99 home
chicagobulls 95 losangelesclippers 75 away
miamiheat 93 washingtonwizards 71 home
detroitpistons 98 minnesotatimberwolves 89 away
torontoraptors 107 brooklynnets 106 away
neworleanspelicans 94 denvernuggets 81 home
newyorkknicks 112 atlantahawks 104 home
oklahomacitythunder 114 memphisgrizzlies 102 home
portlandtrailblazers 88 charlottehornets 74 home
orlandomagic 99 clevelandcavaliers 88 home
sanantoniospurs 114 phoenixsuns 104 away
atlantahawks 105 brooklynnets 88 home
clevelandcavaliers 112 losangelesclippers 95 home
denvernuggets 110 charlottehornets 99 home
bostonceltics 86 detroitpistons 78 away
indianapacers 114 miamiheat 103 home
losangeleslakers 132 minnesotatimberwolves 119 away
goldenstatewarriors 91 neworleanspelicans 87 away
philadelphiaSSers 104 washingtonwizards 94 home
chicagobulls 109 sacramentokings 88 away
milwaukeebucks 96 torontoraptors 85 away
utahjazz 110 oklahomacitythunder 90 home
houstonrockets 110 goldenstatewarriors 93 home
newyorkknicks 122 indianapacers 113 away
losangeleslakers 115 memphisgrizzlies 98 away
dallasmavericks 111 miamiheat 96 away
milwaukeebucks 110 atlantahawks 107 home
brooklynnets 85 philadelphiaSSers 83 away
chicagobulls 122 phoenixsuns 111 away
portlandtrailblazers 122 utahjazz 108 home
sanantoniospurs 106 neworleanspelicans 93 home
washingtonwizards 106 losangelesclippers 94 home
bostonceltics 109 minnesotatimberwolves 101 home
clevelandcavaliers 90 detroitpistons 80 away
sacramentokings 122 oklahomacitythunder 118 home
orlandomagic 113 torontoraptors 90 away
sanantoniospurs 110 goldenstatewarriors 105 away
miamiheat 119 losangelesclippers 95 home
portlandtrailblazers 97 neworleanspelicans 89 away
losangeleslakers 126 newyorkknicks 117 away
dallasmavericks 105 orlandomagic 95 away
phoenixsuns 129 sacramentokings 81 home
utahjazz 105 charlottehornets 86 home
memphisgrizzlies 113 washingtonwizards 97 away
clevelandcavaliers 101 torontoraptors 83 home
denvernuggets 104 sanantoniospurs 96 home
houstonrockets 107 chicagobulls 100 home
minnesotatimberwolves 116 indianapacers 111 away
brooklynnets 99 milwaukeebucks 85 home
bostonceltics 100 philadelphiaSSers 99 away
dallasmavericks 104 portlandtrailblazers 99 home
detroitpistons 93 miamiheat 90 home
goldenstatewarriors 124 phoenixsuns 112 home
memphisgrizzlies 104 houstonrockets 93 home
atlantahawks 94 minnesotatimberwolves 86 away
chicagobulls 107 neworleanspelicans 93 away
clevelandcavaliers 107 newyorkknicks 102 away
denvernuggets 114 oklahomacitythunder 113 away
orlandomagic 125 losangelesclippers 96 home
losangeleslakers 115 torontoraptors 107 away
brooklynnets 115 washingtonwizards 88 away
losangeleslakers 110 bostonceltics 109 away
philadelphiaSSers 99 indianapacers 94 home
utahjazz 115 dallasmavericks 87 home
atlantahawks 102 charlottehornets 97 away
indianapacers 107 orlandomagic 102 home
losangelesclippers 126 memphisgrizzlies 105 away
neworleanspelicans 101 torontoraptors 92 home
bostonceltics 110 newyorkknicks 100 away
oklahomacitythunder 102 portlandtrailblazers 93 home
phoenixsuns 115 goldenstatewarriors 105 home
utahjazz 111 sacramentokings 107 away
denvernuggets 124 washingtonwizards 103 away
losangelesclippers 121 atlantahawks 97 away
dallasmavericks 115 chicagobulls 114 home
houstonrockets 107 minnesotatimberwolves 90 home
memphisgrizzlies 78 torontoraptors 70 home
detroitpistons 126 milwaukeebucks 121 away
brooklynnets 114 denvernuggets 70 home
philadelphiaSSers 94 miamiheat 84 home
sanantoniospurs 105 bostonceltics 99 away
losangeleslakers 101 clevelandcavaliers 91 away
phoenixsuns 107 detroitpistons 97 away
goldenstatewarriors 116 utahjazz 96 home
miamiheat 96 charlottehornets 92 home
neworleanspelicans 101 minnesotatimberwolves 97 home
oklahomacitythunder 116 sacramentokings 113 home
orlandomagic 101 brooklynnets 84 home
portlandtrailblazers 109 newyorkknicks 108 home
washingtonwizards 119 indianapacers 117 home
charlottehornets 94 losangelesclippers 73 home
memphisgrizzlies 85 neworleanspelicans 80 home
milwaukeebucks 124 houstonrockets 112 home
philadelphiaSSers 108 phoenixsuns 91 home
atlantahawks 111 washingtonwizards 90 home
chicagobulls 107 detroitpistons 102 home
dallasmavericks 118 sacramentokings 100 home
goldenstatewarriors 144 newyorkknicks 127 home
indianapacers 96 clevelandcavaliers 95 home
losangeleslakers 105 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
denvernuggets 99 miamiheat 82 away
torontoraptors 110 minnesotatimberwolves 102 away
sanantoniospurs 108 brooklynnets 93 away
charlottehornets 101 washingtonwizards 89 home
clevelandcavaliers 109 phoenixsuns 92 home
atlantahawks 99 detroitpistons 95 away
houstonrockets 94 sacramentokings 82 home
losangelesclippers 128 newyorkknicks 124 home
milwaukeebucks 122 indianapacers 110 home
bostonceltics 89 neworleanspelicans 77 away
denvernuggets 82 orlandomagic 73 away
philadelphiaSSers 91 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
portlandtrailblazers 106 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
torontoraptors 91 sanantoniospurs 89 home
utahjazz 113 losangeleslakers 109 home
miamiheat 95 chicagobulls 93 away
bostonceltics 99 dallasmavericks 92 away
goldenstatewarriors 105 portlandtrailblazers 98 home
milwaukeebucks 92 detroitpistons 86 away
houstonrockets 114 brooklynnets 88 home
indianapacers 100 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
losangeleslakers 96 atlantahawks 83 home
newyorkknicks 112 sanantoniospurs 107 home
neworleanspelicans 100 oklahomacitythunder 98 away
orlandomagic 107 charlottehornets 102 home
phoenixsuns 140 losangelesclippers 100 home
utahjazz 117 memphisgrizzlies 99 home
washingtonwizards 111 minnesotatimberwolves 103 home
charlottehornets 103 indianapacers 94 home
dallasmavericks 113 brooklynnets 98 home
losangeleslakers 129 goldenstatewarriors 121 away
phoenixsuns 142 losangelesclippers 119 away
minnesotatimberwolves 111 miamiheat 104 away
chicagobulls 113 milwaukeebucks 104 away
neworleanspelicans 117 orlandomagic 85 home
denvernuggets 101 philadelphiaSSers 89 away
portlandtrailblazers 94 memphisgrizzlies 90 home
atlantahawks 105 sacramentokings 100 away
clevelandcavaliers 93 torontoraptors 76 away
sanantoniospurs 83 detroitpistons 79 away
utahjazz 90 bostonceltics 85 home
orlandomagic 92 charlottehornets 80 away
chicagobulls 116 denvernuggets 99 home
houstonrockets 93 dallasmavericks 86 home
losangeleslakers 115 neworleanspelicans 111 home
sacramentokings 115 memphisgrizzlies 106 away
clevelandcavaliers 111 milwaukeebucks 103 away
indianapacers 112 minnesotatimberwolves 105 away
washingtonwizards 107 brooklynnets 96 away
newyorkknicks 127 torontoraptors 97 home
phoenixsuns 140 oklahomacitythunder 118 home
portlandtrailblazers 108 atlantahawks 98 home
dallasmavericks 116 sacramentokings 95 home
goldenstatewarriors 133 oklahomacitythunder 120 home
miamiheat 97 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
utahjazz 102 neworleanspelicans 88 home
sanantoniospurs 98 washingtonwizards 67 away
clevelandcavaliers 99 detroitpistons 78 home
houstonrockets 99 charlottehornets 78 home
indianapacers 98 chicagobulls 91 home
milwaukeebucks 120 denvernuggets 117 home
losangeleslakers 111 minnesotatimberwolves 108 away
orlandomagic 122 miamiheat 99 home
bostonceltics 128 phoenixsuns 108 away
portlandtrailblazers 116 losangelesclippers 87 home
torontoraptors 111 newyorkknicks 100 home
bostonceltics 114 denvernuggets 76 away
losangelesclippers 118 goldenstatewarriors 105 home
brooklynnets 98 philadelphiaSSers 96 home
newyorkknicks 123 indianapacers 119 home
neworleanspelicans 112 sacramentokings 105 away
utahjazz 108 atlantahawks 89 home
chicagobulls 120 orlandomagic 102 home
clevelandcavaliers 94 memphisgrizzlies 79 home
houstonrockets 98 portlandtrailblazers 94 home
miamiheat 103 detroitpistons 91 home
losangeleslakers 107 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
phoenixsuns 112 charlottehornets 102 home
sanantoniospurs 93 dallasmavericks 76 home
torontoraptors 118 minnesotatimberwolves 110 home
dallasmavericks 116 milwaukeebucks 96 home
denvernuggets 110 atlantahawks 109 home
indianapacers 104 memphisgrizzlies 99 home
losangelesclippers 93 bostonceltics 91 home
utahjazz 120 minnesotatimberwolves 103 away
brooklynnets 111 chicagobulls 99 home
neworleanspelicans 90 detroitpistons 87 home
orlandomagic 114 newyorkknicks 109 away
charlottehornets 98 sacramentokings 91 away
sanantoniospurs 99 portlandtrailblazers 84 home
philadelphiaSSers 106 washingtonwizards 98 away
houstonrockets 93 clevelandcavaliers 74 home
losangeleslakers 132 phoenixsuns 106 home
atlantahawks 91 miamiheat 83 home
bostonceltics 104 indianapacers 99 home
dallasmavericks 110 oklahomacitythunder 108 home
denvernuggets 90 losangeleslakers 79 home
charlottehornets 112 goldenstatewarriors 109 away
portlandtrailblazers 102 minnesotatimberwolves 82 away
neworleanspelicans 95 milwaukeebucks 94 home
philadelphiaSSers 108 newyorkknicks 103 away
detroitpistons 93 orlandomagic 85 away
phoenixsuns 133 torontoraptors 113 home
sacramentokings 98 losangelesclippers 86 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 sanantoniospurs 86 away
washingtonwizards 113 chicagobulls 90 home
chicagobulls 105 houstonrockets 102 home
charlottehornets 100 losangelesclippers 95 away
oklahomacitythunder 99 memphisgrizzlies 92 away
miamiheat 120 newyorkknicks 115 home
milwaukeebucks 109 washingtonwizards 93 home
orlandomagic 106 philadelphiaSSers 100 away
utahjazz 102 sacramentokings 89 home
clevelandcavaliers 88 atlantahawks 87 away
detroitpistons 105 bostonceltics 95 away
dallasmavericks 109 torontoraptors 98 home
utahjazz 112 goldenstatewarriors 104 away
indianapacers 100 denvernuggets 94 home
houstonrockets 105 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
neworleanspelicans 99 brooklynnets 96 away
phoenixsuns 118 losangeleslakers 111 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 sanantoniospurs 84 home
sanantoniospurs 106 losangelesclippers 78 away
clevelandcavaliers 107 miamiheat 100 away
oklahomacitythunder 96 dallasmavericks 87 home
neworleanspelicans 98 philadelphiaSSers 91 away
atlantahawks 98 washingtonwizards 89 away
charlottehornets 96 chicagobulls 80 home
detroitpistons 100 denvernuggets 95 home
houstonrockets 107 torontoraptors 97 home
losangeleslakers 99 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
brooklynnets 99 milwaukeebucks 95 away
goldenstatewarriors 118 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
orlandomagic 111 phoenixsuns 99 home
indianapacers 117 sacramentokings 109 away
chicagobulls 110 goldenstatewarriors 88 home
clevelandcavaliers 91 milwaukeebucks 73 home
dallasmavericks 107 sanantoniospurs 102 home
memphisgrizzlies 118 losangelesclippers 95 away
miamiheat 135 phoenixsuns 129 home
bostonceltics 115 brooklynnets 111 away
newyorkknicks 109 atlantahawks 105 home
oklahomacitythunder 88 washingtonwizards 83 home
portlandtrailblazers 107 indianapacers 105 home
utahjazz 101 houstonrockets 94 home
denvernuggets 106 portlandtrailblazers 90 home
neworleanspelicans 104 dallasmavericks 88 home
bostonceltics 105 clevelandcavaliers 94 home
charlottehornets 98 atlantahawks 91 home
chicagobulls 117 milwaukeebucks 102 home
detroitpistons 108 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
houstonrockets 116 phoenixsuns 112 home
losangeleslakers 110 minnesotatimberwolves 90 home
orlandomagic 105 brooklynnets 102 home
sanantoniospurs 100 washingtonwizards 78 home
miamiheat 108 torontoraptors 102 away
utahjazz 97 denvernuggets 91 home
atlantahawks 87 detroitpistons 83 home
clevelandcavaliers 99 miamiheat 89 home
dallasmavericks 119 washingtonwizards 103 home
indianapacers 106 losangelesclippers 105 away
philadelphiaSSers 110 memphisgrizzlies 105 away
milwaukeebucks 127 goldenstatewarriors 120 home
neworleanspelicans 108 oklahomacitythunder 90 home
charlottehornets 114 newyorkknicks 105 away
portlandtrailblazers 95 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
orlandomagic 86 bostonceltics 79 away
houstonrockets 93 memphisgrizzlies 83 home
brooklynnets 106 newyorkknicks 101 home
oklahomacitythunder 89 philadelphiaSSers 74 home
sacramentokings 114 denvernuggets 106 home
sanantoniospurs 103 phoenixsuns 98 home
utahjazz 109 torontoraptors 101 away
atlantahawks 89 neworleanspelicans 79 home
houstonrockets 97 denvernuggets 95 away
detroitpistons 98 orlandomagic 94 home
miamiheat 130 chicagobulls 127 home
washingtonwizards 110 minnesotatimberwolves 99 away
portlandtrailblazers 111 losangeleslakers 94 home
utahjazz 112 indianapacers 100 away
clevelandcavaliers 87 losangelesclippers 83 away
newyorkknicks 120 milwaukeebucks 112 away
dallasmavericks 122 phoenixsuns 117 away
oklahomacitythunder 99 sacramentokings 98 away
sanantoniospurs 100 charlottehornets 86 home
atlantahawks 100 utahjazz 93 home
denvernuggets 112 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
newyorkknicks 116 detroitpistons 111 away
goldenstatewarriors 116 brooklynnets 112 home
losangeleslakers 102 houstonrockets 96 away
miamiheat 107 bostonceltics 99 home
minnesotatimberwolves 104 memphisgrizzlies 79 home
orlandomagic 107 chicagobulls 79 home
philadelphiaSSers 115 torontoraptors 106 home
dallasmavericks 93 portlandtrailblazers 89 away
neworleanspelicans 109 washingtonwizards 98 away
clevelandcavaliers 119 phoenixsuns 111 away
losangeleslakers 102 sanantoniospurs 95 away
atlantahawks 101 indianapacers 87 home
bostonceltics 102 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
houstonrockets 91 charlottehornets 86 away
goldenstatewarriors 119 dallasmavericks 110 home
neworleanspelicans 95 milwaukeebucks 86 away
newyorkknicks 102 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
philadelphiaSSers 104 chicagobulls 101 home
portlandtrailblazers 109 brooklynnets 100 home
clevelandcavaliers 126 sacramentokings 123 away
detroitpistons 99 torontoraptors 95 away
orlandomagic 112 washingtonwizards 103 away
chicagobulls 97 neworleanspelicans 79 home
denvernuggets 107 losangelesclippers 94 home
sanantoniospurs 88 houstonrockets 85 away
miamiheat 140 utahjazz 129 home
minnesotatimberwolves 108 charlottehornets 100 home
phoenixsuns 106 oklahomacitythunder 95 home
atlantahawks 98 portlandtrailblazers 80 home
clevelandcavaliers 98 newyorkknicks 93 home
memphisgrizzlies 89 detroitpistons 84 away
phoenixsuns 154 goldenstatewarriors 130 away
losangelesclippers 107 brooklynnets 105 home
losangeleslakers 107 dallasmavericks 100 home
milwaukeebucks 86 bostonceltics 77 home
orlandomagic 105 utahjazz 87 home
philadelphiaSSers 85 miamiheat 77 home
torontoraptors 110 indianapacers 87 home
washingtonwizards 106 sacramentokings 104 home
charlottehornets 112 torontoraptors 86 home
denvernuggets 121 brooklynnets 96 home
portlandtrailblazers 103 memphisgrizzlies 92 away
houstonrockets 95 neworleanspelicans 84 away
oklahomacitythunder 78 sanantoniospurs 76 home
atlantahawks 119 sacramentokings 97 home
chicagobulls 127 bostonceltics 121 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 orlandomagic 93 home
dallasmavericks 103 detroitpistons 101 home
goldenstatewarriors 127 losangelesclippers 120 home
philadelphiaSSers 94 losangeleslakers 93 away
sanantoniospurs 93 minnesotatimberwolves 86 home
utahjazz 103 washingtonwizards 88 home
bostonceltics 112 miamiheat 108 home
charlottehornets 104 sacramentokings 88 home
houstonrockets 106 detroitpistons 101 home
portlandtrailblazers 95 indianapacers 85 away
losangelesclippers 123 washingtonwizards 108 home
denvernuggets 111 memphisgrizzlies 109 away
orlandomagic 106 milwaukeebucks 80 away
neworleanspelicans 94 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
brooklynnets 115 newyorkknicks 89 away
chicagobulls 103 oklahomacitythunder 96 away
phoenixsuns 126 philadelphiaSSers 116 home
atlantahawks 95 dallasmavericks 87 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 portlandtrailblazers 92 home
losangeleslakers 114 goldenstatewarriors 106 home
denvernuggets 116 washingtonwizards 105 home
detroitpistons 108 losangelesclippers 90 home
goldenstatewarriors 119 philadelphiaSSers 111 home
houstonrockets 107 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
dallasmavericks 94 indianapacers 92 away
brooklynnets 96 miamiheat 88 home
neworleanspelicans 96 memphisgrizzlies 84 home
sacramentokings 121 newyorkknicks 94 away
utahjazz 101 oklahomacitythunder 94 away
bostonceltics 80 sanantoniospurs 77 away
charlottehornets 102 torontoraptors 89 away
indianapacers 108 charlottehornets 83 away
losangeleslakers 117 chicagobulls 109 away
clevelandcavaliers 102 atlantahawks 96 home
bostonceltics 105 memphisgrizzlies 87 away
portlandtrailblazers 96 milwaukeebucks 84 away
orlandomagic 110 newyorkknicks 103 home
phoenixsuns 128 washingtonwizards 96 home
miamiheat 101 detroitpistons 96 away
oklahomacitythunder 97 minnesotatimberwolves 90 away
clevelandcavaliers 96 brooklynnets 88 away
neworleanspelicans 99 goldenstatewarriors 89 home
philadelphiaSSers 112 sacramentokings 100 away
houstonrockets 87 sanantoniospurs 85 away
torontoraptors 100 losangelesclippers 76 home
atlantahawks 109 minnesotatimberwolves 97 home
bostonceltics 90 losangelesclippers 77 home
miamiheat 94 memphisgrizzlies 82 home
orlandomagic 106 newyorkknicks 102 away
phoenixsuns 118 denvernuggets 115 home
philadelphiaSSers 114 portlandtrailblazers 108 away
chicagobulls 101 washingtonwizards 99 away
chicagobulls 99 detroitpistons 91 home
losangeleslakers 107 oklahomacitythunder 89 away
sanantoniospurs 107 goldenstatewarriors 106 home
utahjazz 99 houstonrockets 86 home
sanantoniospurs 102 atlantahawks 92 away
clevelandcavaliers 98 brooklynnets 87 home
dallasmavericks 128 goldenstatewarriors 106 home
indianapacers 90 miamiheat 88 home
denvernuggets 101 neworleanspelicans 88 away
losangelesclippers 140 newyorkknicks 135 away
orlandomagic 84 bostonceltics 82 home
philadelphiaSSers 96 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
phoenixsuns 118 utahjazz 114 home
torontoraptors 115 milwaukeebucks 106 home
washingtonwizards 95 charlottehornets 93 home
chicagobulls 106 miamiheat 87 home
losangeleslakers 92 detroitpistons 77 away
portlandtrailblazers 129 phoenixsuns 109 home
bostonceltics 99 atlantahawks 93 away
clevelandcavaliers 107 minnesotatimberwolves 85 home
denvernuggets 103 dallasmavericks 101 away
losangeleslakers 103 brooklynnets 95 away
newyorkknicks 103 neworleanspelicans 93 home
orlandomagic 110 milwaukeebucks 94 home
charlottehornets 100 philadelphiaSSers 95 away
memphisgrizzlies 113 sacramentokings 95 away
sanantoniospurs 111 losangelesclippers 98 home
torontoraptors 112 oklahomacitythunder 96 home
charlottehornets 96 newyorkknicks 85 home
chicagobulls 112 indianapacers 106 home
denvernuggets 129 goldenstatewarriors 116 home
houstonrockets 110 losangelesclippers 93 home
miamiheat 102 milwaukeebucks 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 86 memphisgrizzlies 66 home
utahjazz 104 phoenixsuns 99 home
detroitpistons 98 washingtonwizards 96 away
atlantahawks 86 losangeleslakers 76 home
bostonceltics 103 oklahomacitythunder 84 home
clevelandcavaliers 102 dallasmavericks 74 home
detroitpistons 101 philadelphiaSSers 97 home
indianapacers 124 washingtonwizards 115 home
minnesotatimberwolves 108 brooklynnets 99 home
neworleanspelicans 90 sanantoniospurs 86 home
sacramentokings 126 phoenixsuns 118 home
torontoraptors 134 chicagobulls 129 home
memphisgrizzlies 114 goldenstatewarriors 109 away
orlandomagic 101 miamiheat 95 away
milwaukeebucks 107 brooklynnets 78 away
utahjazz 112 newyorkknicks 104 home
charlottehornets 94 losangeleslakers 84 home
clevelandcavaliers 79 detroitpistons 73 home
denvernuggets 111 newyorkknicks 104 home
indianapacers 107 chicagobulls 105 home
dallasmavericks 108 minnesotatimberwolves 88 away
philadelphiaSSers 98 atlantahawks 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 125 utahjazz 104 home
neworleanspelicans 111 sacramentokings 110 away
oklahomacitythunder 96 sanantoniospurs 95 away
bostonceltics 111 charlottehornets 109 home
dallasmavericks 98 miamiheat 96 home
goldenstatewarriors 143 sacramentokings 141 home
neworleanspelicans 104 losangelesclippers 98 away
memphisgrizzlies 112 washingtonwizards 107 home
losangeleslakers 104 milwaukeebucks 98 away
brooklynnets 111 detroitpistons 98 home
torontoraptors 99 orlandomagic 95 away
phoenixsuns 114 houstonrockets 109 home
denvernuggets 114 utahjazz 104 home
philadelphiaSSers 105 milwaukeebucks 95 home
washingtonwizards 109 clevelandcavaliers 101 home
bostonceltics 104 atlantahawks 92 home
miamiheat 97 charlottehornets 92 away
goldenstatewarriors 111 neworleanspelicans 103 home
sanantoniospurs 126 indianapacers 121 away
losangeleslakers 93 houstonrockets 81 home
memphisgrizzlies 107 dallasmavericks 102 home
portlandtrailblazers 107 oklahomacitythunder 72 away
orlandomagic 116 clevelandcavaliers 87 home
phoenixsuns 139 sacramentokings 111 home
minnesotatimberwolves 103 utahjazz 102 away
orlandomagic 88 atlantahawks 82 away
chicagobulls 103 brooklynnets 94 home
denvernuggets 120 losangelesclippers 104 home
memphisgrizzlies 107 milwaukeebucks 102 away
torontoraptors 102 newyorkknicks 95 away
philadelphiaSSers 95 detroitpistons 90 home
miamiheat 118 washingtonwizards 104 away
brooklynnets 96 philadelphiaSSers 67 home
utahjazz 108 neworleanspelicans 94 away
indianapacers 117 oklahomacitythunder 99 away
goldenstatewarriors 105 sacramentokings 100 away
newyorkknicks 112 torontoraptors 103 away
clevelandcavaliers 101 sanantoniospurs 81 home
dallasmavericks 140 phoenixsuns 116 home
detroitpistons 104 charlottehornets 97 home
houstonrockets 102 portlandtrailblazers 88 home
losangeleslakers 88 losangelesclippers 85 home
denvernuggets 110 minnesotatimberwolves 87 away
charlottehornets 101 philadelphiaSSers 98 home
chicagobulls 110 newyorkknicks 103 home
houstonrockets 93 orlandomagic 83 home
minnesotatimberwolves 87 losangelesclippers 77 away
portlandtrailblazers 96 memphisgrizzlies 93 away
neworleanspelicans 93 miamiheat 87 away
sanantoniospurs 99 oklahomacitythunder 89 away
losangeleslakers 122 sacramentokings 104 away
atlantahawks 118 torontoraptors 110 away
bostonceltics 106 brooklynnets 104 home
clevelandcavaliers 98 washingtonwizards 86 home
dallasmavericks 130 utahjazz 101 home
denvernuggets 122 oklahomacitythunder 112 home
minnesotatimberwolves 105 goldenstatewarriors 97 away
indianapacers 130 torontoraptors 101 home
atlantahawks 113 milwaukeebucks 105 away
phoenixsuns 105 neworleanspelicans 100 away
detroitpistons 113 newyorkknicks 86 away
orlandomagic 81 memphisgrizzlies 78 home
portlandtrailblazers 95 sanantoniospurs 83 away
chicagobulls 113 philadelphiaSSers 99 home
losangeleslakers 116 denvernuggets 102 home
houstonrockets 115 sacramentokings 98 away
atlantahawks 122 indianapacers 118 home
bostonceltics 105 miamiheat 98 home
dallasmavericks 100 neworleanspelicans 92 home
detroitpistons 100 brooklynnets 93 home
houstonrockets 113 goldenstatewarriors 109 away
losangelesclippers 109 sacramentokings 78 home
memphisgrizzlies 106 phoenixsuns 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 84 charlottehornets 81 home
newyorkknicks 105 orlandomagic 95 away
clevelandcavaliers 102 philadelphiaSSers 92 away
portlandtrailblazers 106 losangeleslakers 98 home
sanantoniospurs 105 utahjazz 99 home
washingtonwizards 100 torontoraptors 98 away
chicagobulls 113 charlottehornets 106 home
indianapacers 106 detroitpistons 102 home
portlandtrailblazers 87 losangelesclippers 72 away
milwaukeebucks 115 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
phoenixsuns 110 minnesotatimberwolves 97 away
brooklynnets 103 orlandomagic 93 home
goldenstatewarriors 118 utahjazz 108 away
clevelandcavaliers 107 bostonceltics 76 home
losangeleslakers 92 memphisgrizzlies 75 home
miamiheat 122 newyorkknicks 105 home
neworleanspelicans 102 dallasmavericks 92 home
sanantoniospurs 95 sacramentokings 92 away
torontoraptors 111 philadelphiaSSers 104 home
dallasmavericks 96 minnesotatimberwolves 94 home
denvernuggets 118 sacramentokings 98 home
chicagobulls 91 detroitpistons 88 away
sanantoniospurs 101 goldenstatewarriors 72 away
houstonrockets 86 neworleanspelicans 66 home
clevelandcavaliers 117 indianapacers 109 away
milwaukeebucks 98 orlandomagic 80 home
brooklynnets 91 charlottehornets 87 home
phoenixsuns 119 memphisgrizzlies 110 home
portlandtrailblazers 113 oklahomacitythunder 83 home
utahjazz 106 losangelesclippers 85 home
torontoraptors 97 washingtonwizards 96 away
atlantahawks 81 miamiheat 79 home
losangeleslakers 125 utahjazz 112 home
bostonceltics 100 philadelphiaSSers 98 away
bostonceltics 115 washingtonwizards 107 home
torontoraptors 109 chicagobulls 98 away
philadelphiaSSers 111 clevelandcavaliers 110 away
dallasmavericks 95 houstonrockets 84 home
indianapacers 115 milwaukeebucks 108 home
oklahomacitythunder 126 losangelesclippers 85 away
memphisgrizzlies 98 atlantahawks 90 home
miamiheat 102 detroitpistons 96 home
sacramentokings 97 minnesotatimberwolves 90 away
newyorkknicks 102 brooklynnets 73 home
orlandomagic 98 charlottehornets 73 home
phoenixsuns 117 goldenstatewarriors 113 home
portlandtrailblazers 104 denvernuggets 76 home
sanantoniospurs 105 neworleanspelicans 98 home
playoffs
chicagobulls 105 bostonceltics 103 away
clevelandcavaliers 102 detroitpistons 84 home
houstonrockets 108 portlandtrailblazers 81 away
dallasmavericks 105 sanantoniospurs 97 away
atlantahawks 90 miamiheat 64 home
denvernuggets 113 neworleanspelicans 84 home
losangeleslakers 113 utahjazz 100 home
philadelphiaSSers 100 orlandomagic 98 away
bostonceltics 118 chicagobulls 115 home
sanantoniospurs 105 dallasmavericks 84 home
clevelandcavaliers 94 detroitpistons 82 home
losangeleslakers 119 utahjazz 109 home
portlandtrailblazers 107 houstonrockets 103 home
miamiheat 108 atlantahawks 93 away
denvernuggets 108 neworleanspelicans 93 home
orlandomagic 96 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
bostonceltics 107 chicagobulls 86 away
dallasmavericks 88 sanantoniospurs 67 home
utahjazz 88 losangeleslakers 86 home
clevelandcavaliers 79 detroitpistons 68 away
houstonrockets 86 portlandtrailblazers 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 96 orlandomagic 94 home
dallasmavericks 99 sanantoniospurs 90 home
miamiheat 107 atlantahawks 78 home
neworleanspelicans 95 denvernuggets 93 home
losangeleslakers 108 utahjazz 94 away
chicagobulls 121 bostonceltics 118 home
clevelandcavaliers 99 detroitpistons 78 away
houstonrockets 89 portlandtrailblazers 88 home
orlandomagic 84 philadelphiaSSers 81 away
losangeleslakers 107 utahjazz 96 home
atlantahawks 81 miamiheat 71 away
denvernuggets 121 neworleanspelicans 63 away
bostonceltics 106 chicagobulls 104 home
orlandomagic 91 philadelphiaSSers 78 home
portlandtrailblazers 88 houstonrockets 77 home
dallasmavericks 106 sanantoniospurs 93 away
atlantahawks 106 miamiheat 91 home
denvernuggets 107 neworleanspelicans 86 home
chicagobulls 128 bostonceltics 127 home
houstonrockets 92 portlandtrailblazers 76 home
orlandomagic 114 philadelphiaSSers 89 away
miamiheat 98 atlantahawks 72 home
bostonceltics 109 chicagobulls 99 home
atlantahawks 91 miamiheat 78 home
denvernuggets 109 dallasmavericks 95 home
orlandomagic 95 bostonceltics 90 away
houstonrockets 100 losangeleslakers 92 away
clevelandcavaliers 99 atlantahawks 72 home
denvernuggets 117 dallasmavericks 105 home
bostonceltics 112 orlandomagic 94 home
losangeleslakers 111 houstonrockets 98 home
clevelandcavaliers 105 atlantahawks 85 home
losangeleslakers 108 houstonrockets 94 away
orlandomagic 117 bostonceltics 96 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 atlantahawks 82 away
denvernuggets 106 dallasmavericks 105 away
houstonrockets 99 losangeleslakers 87 home
bostonceltics 95 orlandomagic 94 away
clevelandcavaliers 84 atlantahawks 74 away
dallasmavericks 119 denvernuggets 117 home
bostonceltics 92 orlandomagic 88 home
losangeleslakers 118 houstonrockets 78 home
denvernuggets 124 dallasmavericks 110 home
houstonrockets 95 losangeleslakers 80 home
orlandomagic 83 bostonceltics 75 home
orlandomagic 101 bostonceltics 82 away
losangeleslakers 89 houstonrockets 70 home
losangeleslakers 105 denvernuggets 103 home
orlandomagic 107 clevelandcavaliers 106 away
denvernuggets 106 losangeleslakers 103 away
clevelandcavaliers 96 orlandomagic 95 home
losangeleslakers 103 denvernuggets 97 away
orlandomagic 99 clevelandcavaliers 89 home
denvernuggets 120 losangeleslakers 101 home
orlandomagic 116 clevelandcavaliers 114 home
losangeleslakers 103 denvernuggets 94 home
clevelandcavaliers 112 orlandomagic 102 home
losangeleslakers 119 denvernuggets 92 away
orlandomagic 103 clevelandcavaliers 90 home
losangeleslakers 100 orlandomagic 75 home
losangeleslakers 101 orlandomagic 96 home
orlandomagic 108 losangeleslakers 104 home
losangeleslakers 99 orlandomagic 91 away
losangeleslakers 99 orlandomagic 86 away
yearEnd
bostonceltics 95 clevelandcavaliers 89 away
washingtonwizards 102 dallasmavericks 91 away
losangeleslakers 99 losangelesclippers 92 home
portlandtrailblazers 96 houstonrockets 87 home
atlantahawks 120 indianapacers 109 home
bostonceltics 92 charlottehornets 59 home
denvernuggets 114 utahjazz 105 home
houstonrockets 108 goldenstatewarriors 107 away
phoenixsuns 109 losangelesclippers 107 away
detroitpistons 96 memphisgrizzlies 74 away
miamiheat 115 newyorkknicks 93 home
minnesotatimberwolves 95 brooklynnets 93 home
oklahomacitythunder 102 sacramentokings 89 home
orlandomagic 120 philadelphiaSSers 106 home
sanantoniospurs 113 neworleanspelicans 96 home
torontoraptors 101 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
chicagobulls 92 sanantoniospurs 85 home
denvernuggets 97 portlandtrailblazers 94 away
atlantahawks 100 washingtonwizards 89 home
bostonceltics 118 chicagobulls 90 home
charlottehornets 102 newyorkknicks 100 home
oklahomacitythunder 91 detroitpistons 83 away
miamiheat 96 indianapacers 83 away
dallasmavericks 94 losangeleslakers 80 away
memphisgrizzlies 115 torontoraptors 107 home
clevelandcavaliers 104 minnesotatimberwolves 87 away
orlandomagic 95 brooklynnets 85 away
neworleanspelicans 97 sacramentokings 92 home
philadelphiaSSers 99 milwaukeebucks 86 home
phoenixsuns 123 goldenstatewarriors 101 home
utahjazz 111 losangelesclippers 98 home
clevelandcavaliers 90 charlottehornets 79 home
houstonrockets 111 portlandtrailblazers 107 home
dallasmavericks 93 losangelesclippers 84 away
milwaukeebucks 96 detroitpistons 85 home
philadelphiaSSers 141 newyorkknicks 127 away
sanantoniospurs 113 sacramentokings 94 home
washingtonwizards 123 brooklynnets 104 home
bostonceltics 97 neworleanspelicans 87 home
denvernuggets 133 memphisgrizzlies 123 home
losangeleslakers 118 atlantahawks 110 home
miamiheat 95 chicagobulls 87 home
portlandtrailblazers 83 oklahomacitythunder 74 away
phoenixsuns 120 minnesotatimberwolves 112 home
orlandomagic 125 torontoraptors 116 away
charlottehornets 79 brooklynnets 68 home
losangelesclippers 93 minnesotatimberwolves 90 home
newyorkknicks 117 neworleanspelicans 111 home
sacramentokings 127 memphisgrizzlies 116 home
houstonrockets 113 utahjazz 96 away
chicagobulls 83 milwaukeebucks 81 home
clevelandcavaliers 102 washingtonwizards 90 home
dallasmavericks 96 utahjazz 85 home
detroitpistons 85 orlandomagic 80 home
denvernuggets 111 indianapacers 93 away
phoenixsuns 104 miamiheat 96 away
losangeleslakers 101 oklahomacitythunder 98 away
bostonceltics 105 philadelphiaSSers 74 away
atlantahawks 97 portlandtrailblazers 91 away
goldenstatewarriors 113 memphisgrizzlies 105 home
losangeleslakers 103 houstonrockets 102 away
bostonceltics 92 minnesotatimberwolves 90 away
denvernuggets 122 brooklynnets 94 away
neworleanspelicans 114 dallasmavericks 107 home
indianapacers 101 newyorkknicks 89 away
orlandomagic 122 phoenixsuns 100 home
atlantahawks 113 sacramentokings 105 away
torontoraptors 110 detroitpistons 99 home
miamiheat 93 washingtonwizards 89 away
chicagobulls 86 clevelandcavaliers 85 away
utahjazz 113 sanantoniospurs 99 home
phoenixsuns 110 bostonceltics 103 away
charlottehornets 103 atlantahawks 83 home
losangelesclippers 118 goldenstatewarriors 90 away
houstonrockets 105 oklahomacitythunder 94 home
indianapacers 102 washingtonwizards 86 home
losangeleslakers 114 memphisgrizzlies 98 home
miamiheat 96 denvernuggets 88 home
milwaukeebucks 87 minnesotatimberwolves 72 away
torontoraptors 107 neworleanspelicans 90 away
clevelandcavaliers 100 newyorkknicks 91 away
orlandomagic 110 detroitpistons 103 home
philadelphiaSSers 97 brooklynnets 94 home
portlandtrailblazers 96 sanantoniospurs 84 home
milwaukeebucks 102 newyorkknicks 87 home
bostonceltics 86 brooklynnets 76 away
sacramentokings 104 utahjazz 99 away
atlantahawks 125 denvernuggets 100 home
chicagobulls 93 charlottehornets 90 home
dallasmavericks 129 torontoraptors 101 home
losangelesclippers 113 memphisgrizzlies 110 home
detroitpistons 88 philadelphiaSSers 81 home
losangeleslakers 104 neworleanspelicans 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 102 orlandomagic 74 home
portlandtrailblazers 116 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
sacramentokings 120 goldenstatewarriors 107 home
phoenixsuns 102 washingtonwizards 90 away
goldenstatewarriors 146 minnesotatimberwolves 105 home
neworleanspelicans 112 losangelesclippers 84 away
utahjazz 95 newyorkknicks 93 away
phoenixsuns 119 philadelphiaSSers 115 away
sanantoniospurs 131 torontoraptors 124 home
orlandomagic 93 charlottehornets 81 away
denvernuggets 90 chicagobulls 89 away
dallasmavericks 121 houstonrockets 103 home
portlandtrailblazers 93 memphisgrizzlies 79 away
miamiheat 90 washingtonwizards 76 home
sacramentokings 101 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
bostonceltics 105 utahjazz 86 home
detroitpistons 98 charlottehornets 75 home
houstonrockets 104 memphisgrizzlies 79 home
indianapacers 108 goldenstatewarriors 94 home
oklahomacitythunder 83 losangelesclippers 79 away
milwaukeebucks 108 denvernuggets 102 home
portlandtrailblazers 107 minnesotatimberwolves 84 away
philadelphiaSSers 82 brooklynnets 79 away
atlantahawks 114 newyorkknicks 101 away
clevelandcavaliers 102 orlandomagic 93 away
phoenixsuns 124 neworleanspelicans 104 home
sanantoniospurs 92 dallasmavericks 83 home
torontoraptors 99 chicagobulls 89 home
losangeleslakers 121 phoenixsuns 102 home
clevelandcavaliers 111 miamiheat 104 away
atlantahawks 97 bostonceltics 86 away
denvernuggets 105 losangeleslakers 79 home
torontoraptors 104 losangelesclippers 89 away
dallasmavericks 89 minnesotatimberwolves 77 away
portlandtrailblazers 86 neworleanspelicans 78 away
goldenstatewarriors 121 newyorkknicks 107 away
orlandomagic 88 brooklynnets 72 home
utahjazz 112 philadelphiaSSers 90 away
sacramentokings 109 houstonrockets 100 home
atlantahawks 121 neworleanspelicans 98 home
portlandtrailblazers 80 charlottehornets 74 away
chicagobulls 94 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
clevelandcavaliers 107 utahjazz 103 home
indianapacers 113 bostonceltics 104 home
memphisgrizzlies 97 minnesotatimberwolves 87 home
miamiheat 81 brooklynnets 80 home
milwaukeebucks 129 goldenstatewarriors 125 home
oklahomacitythunder 101 sanantoniospurs 98 away
detroitpistons 106 washingtonwizards 103 away
dallasmavericks 95 detroitpistons 90 away
houstonrockets 101 losangeleslakers 91 away
losangelesclippers 101 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
phoenixsuns 101 torontoraptors 100 home
atlantahawks 99 portlandtrailblazers 95 home
dallasmavericks 115 milwaukeebucks 113 away
orlandomagic 97 charlottehornets 91 home
clevelandcavaliers 114 goldenstatewarriors 108 home
denvernuggets 130 torontoraptors 112 home
phoenixsuns 111 houstonrockets 105 away
losangeleslakers 106 detroitpistons 93 home
oklahomacitythunder 100 miamiheat 87 away
indianapacers 91 brooklynnets 83 away
neworleanspelicans 110 losangelesclippers 102 home
chicagobulls 101 sacramentokings 87 away
atlantahawks 105 miamiheat 90 home
bostonceltics 109 goldenstatewarriors 95 home
dallasmavericks 99 sanantoniospurs 94 home
newyorkknicks 110 indianapacers 103 away
memphisgrizzlies 106 losangelesclippers 91 home
milwaukeebucks 99 brooklynnets 85 home
houstonrockets 97 minnesotatimberwolves 84 away
orlandomagic 108 oklahomacitythunder 94 home
philadelphiaSSers 86 charlottehornets 84 home
portlandtrailblazers 87 detroitpistons 81 home
utahjazz 104 torontoraptors 91 home
washingtonwizards 108 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
losangeleslakers 108 chicagobulls 93 home
neworleanspelicans 110 phoenixsuns 103 home
utahjazz 90 sanantoniospurs 83 away
atlantahawks 105 houstonrockets 103 home
orlandomagic 83 bostonceltics 78 away
dallasmavericks 104 sacramentokings 102 home
goldenstatewarriors 108 portlandtrailblazers 94 home
clevelandcavaliers 105 indianapacers 95 away
losangelesclippers 106 denvernuggets 99 home
milwaukeebucks 95 charlottehornets 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 127 washingtonwizards 108 home
memphisgrizzlies 102 philadelphiaSSers 97 away
torontoraptors 120 miamiheat 113 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
denvernuggets 112 chicagobulls 93 home
houstonrockets 113 sacramentokings 106 home
milwaukeebucks 103 memphisgrizzlies 98 away
newyorkknicks 98 brooklynnets 91 away
neworleanspelicans 96 atlantahawks 88 home
portlandtrailblazers 106 minnesotatimberwolves 78 home
sanantoniospurs 106 washingtonwizards 84 home
utahjazz 100 detroitpistons 97 home
charlottehornets 104 indianapacers 88 home
losangeleslakers 101 oklahomacitythunder 85 home
miamiheat 102 neworleanspelicans 101 home
bostonceltics 107 newyorkknicks 105 away
phoenixsuns 117 detroitpistons 91 home
orlandomagic 104 torontoraptors 96 away
losangelesclippers 91 minnesotatimberwolves 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 116 sacramentokings 105 home
portlandtrailblazers 122 chicagobulls 98 home
sanantoniospurs 112 milwaukeebucks 98 home
goldenstatewarriors 111 dallasmavericks 103 away
denvernuggets 101 brooklynnets 87 home
losangeleslakers 100 newyorkknicks 90 home
torontoraptors 123 indianapacers 112 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 utahjazz 94 away
washingtonwizards 108 philadelphiaSSers 107 home
bostonceltics 113 philadelphiaSSers 110 home
charlottehornets 116 torontoraptors 81 home
clevelandcavaliers 98 detroitpistons 88 away
dallasmavericks 130 houstonrockets 99 away
indianapacers 86 losangelesclippers 73 home
denvernuggets 124 minnesotatimberwolves 111 away
neworleanspelicans 102 milwaukeebucks 99 home
miamiheat 99 orlandomagic 98 away
phoenixsuns 126 memphisgrizzlies 111 home
portlandtrailblazers 93 brooklynnets 83 home
sacramentokings 111 newyorkknicks 97 home
sanantoniospurs 118 goldenstatewarriors 104 home
orlandomagic 93 atlantahawks 76 away
utahjazz 105 chicagobulls 86 home
bostonceltics 116 torontoraptors 103 home
charlottehornets 94 clevelandcavaliers 87 home
denvernuggets 128 newyorkknicks 125 home
losangelesclippers 104 detroitpistons 96 away
sanantoniospurs 92 houstonrockets 84 away
dallasmavericks 113 indianapacers 92 away
washingtonwizards 94 miamiheat 84 away
phoenixsuns 120 minnesotatimberwolves 95 away
oklahomacitythunder 108 milwaukeebucks 90 home
atlantahawks 100 philadelphiaSSers 86 away
memphisgrizzlies 106 portlandtrailblazers 96 away
sacramentokings 109 brooklynnets 96 home
clevelandcavaliers 111 dallasmavericks 95 home
losangeleslakers 130 goldenstatewarriors 97 away
orlandomagic 100 milwaukeebucks 98 away
utahjazz 108 portlandtrailblazers 92 home
charlottehornets 92 washingtonwizards 76 away
minnesotatimberwolves 106 denvernuggets 100 away
detroitpistons 94 atlantahawks 88 home
losangelesclippers 98 memphisgrizzlies 88 home
losangeleslakers 106 brooklynnets 87 home
bostonceltics 92 miamiheat 85 away
orlandomagic 114 newyorkknicks 102 away
houstonrockets 100 oklahomacitythunder 91 away
sacramentokings 112 neworleanspelicans 96 home
sanantoniospurs 97 philadelphiaSSers 89 home
phoenixsuns 113 torontoraptors 94 away
dallasmavericks 104 philadelphiaSSers 102 home
goldenstatewarriors 126 indianapacers 107 home
milwaukeebucks 99 chicagobulls 97 home
utahjazz 120 memphisgrizzlies 93 home
bostonceltics 108 charlottehornets 90 away
denvernuggets 135 goldenstatewarriors 107 home
losangeleslakers 110 neworleanspelicans 99 home
newyorkknicks 126 phoenixsuns 99 home
miamiheat 107 portlandtrailblazers 100 away
washingtonwizards 106 torontoraptors 102 away
atlantahawks 146 torontoraptors 115 home
chicagobulls 92 detroitpistons 85 home
clevelandcavaliers 107 phoenixsuns 90 home
houstonrockets 102 losangelesclippers 85 away
memphisgrizzlies 97 minnesotatimberwolves 95 away
dallasmavericks 117 brooklynnets 101 away
oklahomacitythunder 117 philadelphiaSSers 106 home
orlandomagic 118 newyorkknicks 104 home
sacramentokings 110 indianapacers 105 home
washingtonwizards 104 milwaukeebucks 102 home
denvernuggets 114 miamiheat 96 home
houstonrockets 111 goldenstatewarriors 109 away
bostonceltics 90 sanantoniospurs 83 away
newyorkknicks 114 atlantahawks 107 away
clevelandcavaliers 101 chicagobulls 87 home
detroitpistons 105 milwaukeebucks 96 home
losangeleslakers 108 miamiheat 107 home
memphisgrizzlies 98 dallasmavericks 82 home
brooklynnets 97 charlottehornets 91 home
neworleanspelicans 98 minnesotatimberwolves 89 home
bostonceltics 105 oklahomacitythunder 87 away
utahjazz 96 indianapacers 87 home
torontoraptors 109 washingtonwizards 107 away
charlottehornets 106 philadelphiaSSers 105 home
torontoraptors 110 chicagobulls 78 away
atlantahawks 80 dallasmavericks 75 away
orlandomagic 126 goldenstatewarriors 118 away
losangelesclippers 88 indianapacers 72 home
minnesotatimberwolves 108 utahjazz 101 home
phoenixsuns 115 sacramentokings 107 home
portlandtrailblazers 90 houstonrockets 89 home
denvernuggets 106 sanantoniospurs 99 away
detroitpistons 98 washingtonwizards 94 home
losangeleslakers 108 phoenixsuns 88 home
clevelandcavaliers 101 milwaukeebucks 86 away
newyorkknicks 106 brooklynnets 97 home
miamiheat 115 sacramentokings 102 away
newyorkknicks 93 portlandtrailblazers 84 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 goldenstatewarriors 88 home
denvernuggets 93 philadelphiaSSers 83 away
utahjazz 104 sanantoniospurs 101 home
bostonceltics 98 milwaukeebucks 89 home
charlottehornets 107 denvernuggets 95 home
brooklynnets 103 chicagobulls 101 away
dallasmavericks 102 phoenixsuns 101 home
orlandomagic 97 losangelesclippers 86 away
memphisgrizzlies 111 clevelandcavaliers 109 home
neworleanspelicans 96 sacramentokings 94 home
torontoraptors 94 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
atlantahawks 118 chicagobulls 83 home
houstonrockets 95 clevelandcavaliers 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 indianapacers 91 away
losangeleslakers 101 utahjazz 77 home
milwaukeebucks 117 torontoraptors 95 home
neworleanspelicans 97 minnesotatimberwolves 96 away
goldenstatewarriors 105 brooklynnets 89 away
detroitpistons 90 philadelphiaSSers 86 away
sanantoniospurs 118 sacramentokings 106 home
detroitpistons 101 denvernuggets 99 home
utahjazz 120 orlandomagic 111 home
bostonceltics 104 washingtonwizards 102 away
chicagobulls 96 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
clevelandcavaliers 104 portlandtrailblazers 99 home
indianapacers 107 brooklynnets 91 home
losangeleslakers 104 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
oklahomacitythunder 102 memphisgrizzlies 94 away
dallasmavericks 106 miamiheat 93 away
newyorkknicks 113 neworleanspelicans 96 away
houstonrockets 96 philadelphiaSSers 91 away
phoenixsuns 106 orlandomagic 103 home
sanantoniospurs 104 charlottehornets 85 home
atlantahawks 111 torontoraptors 89 away
bostonceltics 106 chicagobulls 80 away
dallasmavericks 98 charlottehornets 97 home
denvernuggets 105 phoenixsuns 99 home
detroitpistons 104 goldenstatewarriors 95 home
milwaukeebucks 108 portlandtrailblazers 101 home
sacramentokings 120 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
utahjazz 102 losangeleslakers 94 home
indianapacers 114 washingtonwizards 113 away
atlantahawks 130 brooklynnets 107 home
sanantoniospurs 115 losangelesclippers 90 away
memphisgrizzlies 118 miamiheat 90 away
clevelandcavaliers 102 oklahomacitythunder 89 away
torontoraptors 101 houstonrockets 88 home
denvernuggets 102 oklahomacitythunder 93 home
losangelesclippers 97 washingtonwizards 95 home
bostonceltics 110 memphisgrizzlies 105 away
orlandomagic 106 indianapacers 98 home
philadelphiaSSers 117 goldenstatewarriors 101 home
minnesotatimberwolves 110 utahjazz 108 away
dallasmavericks 94 neworleanspelicans 90 home
charlottehornets 94 newyorkknicks 87 home
losangeleslakers 96 chicagobulls 87 away
clevelandcavaliers 99 brooklynnets 89 home
houstonrockets 107 detroitpistons 96 home
miamiheat 115 torontoraptors 95 home
phoenixsuns 116 sanantoniospurs 104 home
portlandtrailblazers 95 sacramentokings 88 home
atlantahawks 110 memphisgrizzlies 97 home
denvernuggets 111 houstonrockets 101 home
sanantoniospurs 103 goldenstatewarriors 91 away
indianapacers 101 charlottehornets 98 home
losangeleslakers 107 milwaukeebucks 106 away
losangelesclippers 120 minnesotatimberwolves 95 away
utahjazz 108 brooklynnets 92 away
neworleanspelicans 95 detroitpistons 87 home
dallasmavericks 100 oklahomacitythunder 86 away
orlandomagic 118 torontoraptors 99 home
clevelandcavaliers 108 philadelphiaSSers 101 away
sacramentokings 112 washingtonwizards 109 home
chicagobulls 98 newyorkknicks 89 home
miamiheat 104 orlandomagic 86 home
portlandtrailblazers 105 phoenixsuns 102 home
atlantahawks 96 utahjazz 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 98 bostonceltics 97 away
clevelandcavaliers 85 milwaukeebucks 82 home
houstonrockets 116 dallasmavericks 108 away
washingtonwizards 118 goldenstatewarriors 109 away
memphisgrizzlies 107 indianapacers 94 home
minnesotatimberwolves 112 sacramentokings 96 home
neworleanspelicans 98 denvernuggets 92 home
newyorkknicks 95 losangelesclippers 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 detroitpistons 98 home
torontoraptors 118 brooklynnets 95 home
utahjazz 110 charlottehornets 102 away
chicagobulls 101 atlantahawks 98 home
houstonrockets 95 oklahomacitythunder 90 home
sacramentokings 96 milwaukeebucks 95 away
losangeleslakers 103 brooklynnets 84 away
orlandomagic 92 portlandtrailblazers 83 home
losangelesclippers 112 philadelphiaSSers 107 away
phoenixsuns 121 washingtonwizards 95 home
sanantoniospurs 100 indianapacers 99 home
bostonceltics 122 minnesotatimberwolves 104 home
dallasmavericks 102 clevelandcavaliers 95 home
losangeleslakers 93 detroitpistons 81 away
memphisgrizzlies 102 denvernuggets 96 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 miamiheat 95 away
newyorkknicks 98 charlottehornets 94 home
torontoraptors 98 neworleanspelicans 92 home
sacramentokings 102 chicagobulls 98 away
milwaukeebucks 84 indianapacers 81 away
orlandomagic 104 utahjazz 99 home
clevelandcavaliers 109 phoenixsuns 91 away
sanantoniospurs 103 losangelesclippers 87 home
bostonceltics 103 indianapacers 94 home
charlottehornets 88 detroitpistons 76 home
portlandtrailblazers 85 dallasmavericks 81 away
houstonrockets 108 losangelesclippers 99 home
losangeleslakers 111 oklahomacitythunder 108 home
memphisgrizzlies 121 goldenstatewarriors 108 home
atlantahawks 112 minnesotatimberwolves 87 away
newyorkknicks 88 chicagobulls 81 home
washingtonwizards 105 philadelphiaSSers 98 home
denvernuggets 124 atlantahawks 104 home
torontoraptors 94 detroitpistons 64 away
miamiheat 80 utahjazz 70 home
washingtonwizards 109 milwaukeebucks 97 away
minnesotatimberwolves 103 brooklynnets 99 away
neworleanspelicans 108 goldenstatewarriors 102 home
orlandomagic 102 houstonrockets 87 home
oklahomacitythunder 117 phoenixsuns 113 away
clevelandcavaliers 117 sacramentokings 104 away
portlandtrailblazers 98 sanantoniospurs 94 away
clevelandcavaliers 102 losangeleslakers 87 away
miamiheat 93 newyorkknicks 87 away
bostonceltics 86 orlandomagic 77 away
phoenixsuns 124 losangelesclippers 93 home
portlandtrailblazers 107 denvernuggets 96 home
chicagobulls 96 neworleanspelicans 85 home
dallasmavericks 106 memphisgrizzlies 101 home
goldenstatewarriors 132 phoenixsuns 127 home
atlantahawks 110 indianapacers 98 away
sanantoniospurs 112 milwaukeebucks 97 away
minnesotatimberwolves 101 washingtonwizards 89 home
houstonrockets 98 brooklynnets 93 away
oklahomacitythunder 98 charlottehornets 91 home
losangeleslakers 112 sacramentokings 103 away
utahjazz 97 philadelphiaSSers 76 home
clevelandcavaliers 108 houstonrockets 83 home
dallasmavericks 104 denvernuggets 96 away
losangelesclippers 92 bostonceltics 90 home
miamiheat 114 indianapacers 80 home
sanantoniospurs 95 newyorkknicks 88 away
torontoraptors 102 detroitpistons 95 home
charlottehornets 94 milwaukeebucks 84 home
goldenstatewarriors 103 bostonceltics 99 home
memphisgrizzlies 116 washingtonwizards 111 home
oklahomacitythunder 105 brooklynnets 89 away
phoenixsuns 118 losangeleslakers 103 home
philadelphiaSSers 104 portlandtrailblazers 93 away
sacramentokings 106 denvernuggets 101 home
clevelandcavaliers 95 atlantahawks 84 away
chicagobulls 104 indianapacers 95 home
newyorkknicks 104 detroitpistons 87 away
houstonrockets 108 neworleanspelicans 100 home
losangeleslakers 124 goldenstatewarriors 118 home
sanantoniospurs 117 minnesotatimberwolves 99 home
oklahomacitythunder 110 washingtonwizards 98 away
clevelandcavaliers 106 atlantahawks 101 home
memphisgrizzlies 121 indianapacers 110 away
utahjazz 107 minnesotatimberwolves 103 away
brooklynnets 104 newyorkknicks 95 home
neworleanspelicans 95 miamiheat 91 home
orlandomagic 117 milwaukeebucks 92 home
phoenixsuns 116 bostonceltics 98 home
portlandtrailblazers 103 losangelesclippers 99 home
philadelphiaSSers 116 sacramentokings 106 away
torontoraptors 107 charlottehornets 103 home
chicagobulls 98 detroitpistons 87 away
houstonrockets 97 dallasmavericks 94 home
losangelesclippers 104 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 87 utahjazz 86 home
sanantoniospurs 108 miamiheat 78 home
newyorkknicks 112 atlantahawks 108 away
losangeleslakers 109 sacramentokings 108 home
orlandomagic 106 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
bostonceltics 103 torontoraptors 96 home
chicagobulls 101 orlandomagic 93 home
indianapacers 122 minnesotatimberwolves 111 home
charlottehornets 107 miamiheat 97 away
milwaukeebucks 103 oklahomacitythunder 97 home
clevelandcavaliers 94 brooklynnets 86 away
neworleanspelicans 99 houstonrockets 95 home
memphisgrizzlies 128 phoenixsuns 103 away
portlandtrailblazers 105 goldenstatewarriors 89 home
dallasmavericks 99 sacramentokings 91 away
denvernuggets 105 utahjazz 95 away
sanantoniospurs 97 washingtonwizards 86 away
charlottehornets 91 clevelandcavaliers 88 away
philadelphiaSSers 108 denvernuggets 105 away
losangeleslakers 131 dallasmavericks 96 home
newyorkknicks 132 indianapacers 89 home
torontoraptors 91 sanantoniospurs 86 home
oklahomacitythunder 98 chicagobulls 85 away
losangelesclippers 105 portlandtrailblazers 95 home
miamiheat 92 atlantahawks 75 home
neworleanspelicans 91 utahjazz 87 away
charlottehornets 113 chicagobulls 108 home
dallasmavericks 98 detroitpistons 93 home
denvernuggets 123 goldenstatewarriors 122 home
indianapacers 97 orlandomagic 90 home
losangeleslakers 88 houstonrockets 79 home
milwaukeebucks 98 brooklynnets 76 away
washingtonwizards 104 philadelphiaSSers 97 away
memphisgrizzlies 109 portlandtrailblazers 105 away
phoenixsuns 113 sacramentokings 109 away
atlantahawks 119 brooklynnets 89 home
clevelandcavaliers 121 washingtonwizards 98 home
losangelesclippers 102 losangeleslakers 91 home
bostonceltics 112 miamiheat 106 away
goldenstatewarriors 107 minnesotatimberwolves 101 away
neworleanspelicans 97 oklahomacitythunder 92 away
torontoraptors 108 orlandomagic 103 away
phoenixsuns 118 houstonrockets 110 home
sanantoniospurs 112 detroitpistons 92 home
utahjazz 117 memphisgrizzlies 94 home
newyorkknicks 97 charlottehornets 93 home
atlantahawks 93 bostonceltics 85 home
denvernuggets 99 clevelandcavaliers 97 home
goldenstatewarriors 108 sacramentokings 101 home
memphisgrizzlies 91 utahjazz 89 home
milwaukeebucks 96 chicagobulls 93 home
minnesotatimberwolves 116 indianapacers 109 home
neworleanspelicans 103 brooklynnets 99 home
torontoraptors 108 philadelphiaSSers 106 away
miamiheat 109 phoenixsuns 105 away
portlandtrailblazers 107 losangeleslakers 98 home
dallasmavericks 112 sanantoniospurs 103 away
washingtonwizards 104 orlandomagic 97 home
charlottehornets 89 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
chicagobulls 110 minnesotatimberwolves 96 home
utahjazz 111 dallasmavericks 93 away
philadelphiaSSers 104 detroitpistons 94 away
houstonrockets 105 newyorkknicks 96 home
oklahomacitythunder 108 indianapacers 102 home
orlandomagic 113 atlantahawks 81 home
sacramentokings 102 denvernuggets 100 home
losangelesclippers 94 miamiheat 84 home
losangeleslakers 95 milwaukeebucks 77 home
clevelandcavaliers 106 portlandtrailblazers 94 away
sanantoniospurs 97 brooklynnets 85 home
bostonceltics 114 torontoraptors 107 away
neworleanspelicans 115 washingtonwizards 110 away
atlantahawks 102 bostonceltics 96 away
chicagobulls 120 detroitpistons 87 home
denvernuggets 105 minnesotatimberwolves 94 home
clevelandcavaliers 117 goldenstatewarriors 114 away
indianapacers 105 torontoraptors 101 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 newyorkknicks 88 home
philadelphiaSSers 96 neworleanspelicans 92 home
phoenixsuns 105 milwaukeebucks 101 home
utahjazz 118 miamiheat 89 home
charlottehornets 102 houstonrockets 94 home
memphisgrizzlies 104 losangelesclippers 102 home
orlandomagic 109 sacramentokings 88 away
sanantoniospurs 105 losangeleslakers 85 home
detroitpistons 99 washingtonwizards 90 away
atlantahawks 94 washingtonwizards 82 home
losangeleslakers 100 dallasmavericks 95 away
denvernuggets 115 orlandomagic 97 home
miamiheat 115 goldenstatewarriors 102 away
houstonrockets 120 minnesotatimberwolves 114 home
indianapacers 122 phoenixsuns 114 home
bostonceltics 111 brooklynnets 87 away
neworleanspelicans 108 losangelesclippers 94 home
sanantoniospurs 109 oklahomacitythunder 108 away
newyorkknicks 93 philadelphiaSSers 92 away
portlandtrailblazers 120 milwaukeebucks 108 home
chicagobulls 96 bostonceltics 83 away
utahjazz 97 clevelandcavaliers 96 home
atlantahawks 102 phoenixsuns 101 home
charlottehornets 92 sanantoniospurs 76 home
chicagobulls 121 washingtonwizards 119 home
dallasmavericks 99 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
detroitpistons 110 neworleanspelicans 104 home
milwaukeebucks 113 goldenstatewarriors 104 away
miamiheat 115 houstonrockets 106 away
losangeleslakers 126 losangelesclippers 86 home
memphisgrizzlies 135 minnesotatimberwolves 110 home
indianapacers 121 brooklynnets 105 away
torontoraptors 112 newyorkknicks 104 away
philadelphiaSSers 98 sacramentokings 86 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 orlandomagic 87 home
charlottehornets 125 phoenixsuns 99 home
detroitpistons 94 newyorkknicks 90 home
neworleanspelicans 101 indianapacers 96 away
clevelandcavaliers 102 losangelesclippers 101 away
memphisgrizzlies 92 sanantoniospurs 86 home
oklahomacitythunder 98 miamiheat 80 home
utahjazz 112 milwaukeebucks 95 home
washingtonwizards 96 sacramentokings 86 home
denvernuggets 119 utahjazz 112 home
torontoraptors 110 dallasmavericks 88 home
memphisgrizzlies 125 phoenixsuns 118 home
minnesotatimberwolves 108 philadelphiaSSers 103 home
sanantoniospurs 97 neworleanspelicans 90 away
newyorkknicks 99 detroitpistons 91 home
washingtonwizards 97 portlandtrailblazers 92 home
oklahomacitythunder 94 atlantahawks 91 away
dallasmavericks 99 bostonceltics 90 away
charlottehornets 105 sacramentokings 103 home
goldenstatewarriors 114 chicagobulls 97 home
houstonrockets 101 milwaukeebucks 98 home
losangelesclippers 106 brooklynnets 95 home
losangeleslakers 98 orlandomagic 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 108 torontoraptors 100 home
miamiheat 113 indianapacers 83 home
atlantahawks 108 sacramentokings 97 home
charlottehornets 104 miamiheat 65 home
detroitpistons 92 bostonceltics 86 home
denvernuggets 123 goldenstatewarriors 118 away
losangelesclippers 104 chicagobulls 97 home
milwaukeebucks 113 torontoraptors 107 home
oklahomacitythunder 94 minnesotatimberwolves 92 away
neworleanspelicans 113 memphisgrizzlies 111 home
orlandomagic 109 indianapacers 98 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 philadelphiaSSers 90 away
phoenixsuns 118 brooklynnets 94 home
utahjazz 105 sanantoniospurs 98 away
dallasmavericks 94 washingtonwizards 93 away
clevelandcavaliers 93 losangeleslakers 87 home
denvernuggets 105 losangelesclippers 85 home
atlantahawks 103 charlottehornets 89 home
bostonceltics 98 portlandtrailblazers 95 home
indianapacers 105 detroitpistons 93 away
goldenstatewarriors 111 brooklynnets 79 home
memphisgrizzlies 86 oklahomacitythunder 84 home
neworleanspelicans 96 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
losangeleslakers 115 newyorkknicks 105 away
orlandomagic 100 sacramentokings 84 home
philadelphiaSSers 92 dallasmavericks 81 home
chicagobulls 115 phoenixsuns 104 away
houstonrockets 116 sanantoniospurs 109 away
torontoraptors 101 milwaukeebucks 96 home
miamiheat 112 washingtonwizards 88 away
orlandomagic 106 charlottehornets 95 away
clevelandcavaliers 100 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
denvernuggets 116 neworleanspelicans 110 home
portlandtrailblazers 97 detroitpistons 93 away
chicagobulls 104 houstonrockets 97 away
philadelphiaSSers 107 indianapacers 97 away
miamiheat 115 sacramentokings 84 home
milwaukeebucks 127 minnesotatimberwolves 94 home
phoenixsuns 112 goldenstatewarriors 103 home
utahjazz 116 brooklynnets 83 home
dallasmavericks 128 newyorkknicks 78 away
torontoraptors 106 losangeleslakers 105 home
losangelesclippers 92 washingtonwizards 78 away
bostonceltics 95 losangelesclippers 89 home
denvernuggets 104 charlottehornets 93 home
atlantahawks 102 houstonrockets 95 away
memphisgrizzlies 99 orlandomagic 94 home
clevelandcavaliers 92 miamiheat 91 away
indianapacers 109 philadelphiaSSers 98 away
neworleanspelicans 98 portlandtrailblazers 97 away
chicagobulls 98 sanantoniospurs 93 away
utahjazz 124 phoenixsuns 115 home
dallasmavericks 108 milwaukeebucks 107 home
newyorkknicks 132 minnesotatimberwolves 105 home
charlottehornets 114 phoenixsuns 109 away
sacramentokings 99 goldenstatewarriors 96 home
losangeleslakers 115 washingtonwizards 103 away
clevelandcavaliers 109 minnesotatimberwolves 95 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 detroitpistons 93 away
neworleanspelicans 123 goldenstatewarriors 110 away
denvernuggets 97 houstonrockets 92 away
losangeleslakers 118 indianapacers 96 away
milwaukeebucks 91 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
brooklynnets 103 losangelesclippers 87 home
chicagobulls 96 oklahomacitythunder 86 away
utahjazz 106 portlandtrailblazers 95 away
sanantoniospurs 105 atlantahawks 90 home
torontoraptors 111 miamiheat 103 home
torontoraptors 106 newyorkknicks 104 away
orlandomagic 96 bostonceltics 94 home
phoenixsuns 112 dallasmavericks 106 home
atlantahawks 100 bostonceltics 91 home
miamiheat 92 detroitpistons 65 away
charlottehornets 121 goldenstatewarriors 110 away
houstonrockets 104 portlandtrailblazers 100 home
clevelandcavaliers 94 indianapacers 73 away
minnesotatimberwolves 111 losangelesclippers 97 home
washingtonwizards 81 brooklynnets 79 away
chicagobulls 108 neworleanspelicans 106 away
oklahomacitythunder 101 denvernuggets 84 home
losangeleslakers 99 philadelphiaSSers 91 away
sanantoniospurs 104 memphisgrizzlies 97 home
utahjazz 101 sacramentokings 94 home
portlandtrailblazers 114 dallasmavericks 112 away
neworleanspelicans 109 memphisgrizzlies 102 away
milwaukeebucks 95 miamiheat 84 home
orlandomagic 104 atlantahawks 86 home
charlottehornets 103 sacramentokings 96 away
washingtonwizards 106 newyorkknicks 96 home
losangeleslakers 90 bostonceltics 89 away
clevelandcavaliers 114 losangelesclippers 89 home
orlandomagic 91 detroitpistons 86 away
phoenixsuns 115 houstonrockets 111 away
minnesotatimberwolves 112 newyorkknicks 91 home
philadelphiaSSers 83 brooklynnets 79 away
oklahomacitythunder 112 goldenstatewarriors 104 home
denvernuggets 103 sanantoniospurs 89 away
torontoraptors 117 indianapacers 102 home
denvernuggets 112 sacramentokings 109 home
memphisgrizzlies 95 losangeleslakers 93 home
milwaukeebucks 97 miamiheat 81 away
phoenixsuns 109 neworleanspelicans 100 away
portlandtrailblazers 98 charlottehornets 79 home
utahjazz 104 dallasmavericks 92 home
bostonceltics 99 washingtonwizards 88 away
losangelesclippers 90 chicagobulls 82 away
clevelandcavaliers 105 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
houstonrockets 119 goldenstatewarriors 97 home
indianapacers 130 torontoraptors 115 home
detroitpistons 97 brooklynnets 93 away
oklahomacitythunder 106 atlantahawks 99 home
orlandomagic 99 milwaukeebucks 82 home
atlantahawks 103 losangelesclippers 97 home
bostonceltics 107 miamiheat 102 home
dallasmavericks 110 goldenstatewarriors 101 home
phoenixsuns 109 denvernuggets 97 away
losangeleslakers 99 charlottehornets 97 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 neworleanspelicans 99 away
newyorkknicks 107 washingtonwizards 85 home
philadelphiaSSers 106 chicagobulls 103 home
sanantoniospurs 115 sacramentokings 113 away
torontoraptors 108 brooklynnets 99 home
utahjazz 118 portlandtrailblazers 105 home
clevelandcavaliers 102 miamiheat 86 home
portlandtrailblazers 96 sanantoniospurs 93 home
atlantahawks 91 chicagobulls 81 home
bostonceltics 96 brooklynnets 87 home
minnesotatimberwolves 117 dallasmavericks 108 away
indianapacers 107 detroitpistons 83 home
denvernuggets 126 losangeleslakers 113 away
houstonrockets 101 memphisgrizzlies 83 away
philadelphiaSSers 101 neworleanspelicans 94 away
milwaukeebucks 114 newyorkknicks 107 away
washingtonwizards 92 orlandomagic 91 away
phoenixsuns 114 sacramentokings 102 away
neworleanspelicans 104 charlottehornets 99 away
chicagobulls 95 miamiheat 91 home
clevelandcavaliers 113 newyorkknicks 106 home
detroitpistons 99 brooklynnets 92 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 goldenstatewarriors 95 away
philadelphiaSSers 102 houstonrockets 95 away
sanantoniospurs 98 losangelesclippers 81 away
milwaukeebucks 93 indianapacers 81 home
minnesotatimberwolves 109 memphisgrizzlies 102 home
losangeleslakers 99 portlandtrailblazers 82 away
utahjazz 116 denvernuggets 106 home
orlandomagic 96 bostonceltics 89 away
torontoraptors 115 sacramentokings 104 home
dallasmavericks 127 goldenstatewarriors 117 away
losangeleslakers 101 sanantoniospurs 89 home
orlandomagic 123 neworleanspelicans 117 home
charlottehornets 94 washingtonwizards 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 104 brooklynnets 97 home
denvernuggets 127 dallasmavericks 91 home
chicagobulls 109 indianapacers 101 away
utahjazz 109 losangelesclippers 99 away
atlantahawks 108 memphisgrizzlies 94 away
miamiheat 99 houstonrockets 66 home
detroitpistons 93 milwaukeebucks 81 away
sacramentokings 118 newyorkknicks 114 away
philadelphiaSSers 119 minnesotatimberwolves 97 home
oklahomacitythunder 89 portlandtrailblazers 77 away
miamiheat 94 atlantahawks 76 away
orlandomagic 107 chicagobulls 87 away
sacramentokings 103 detroitpistons 97 away
goldenstatewarriors 132 losangelesclippers 102 home
charlottehornets 93 minnesotatimberwolves 92 away
milwaukeebucks 97 brooklynnets 77 away
neworleanspelicans 93 bostonceltics 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 108 phoenixsuns 101 away
torontoraptors 104 philadelphiaSSers 93 home
losangeleslakers 96 utahjazz 81 away
clevelandcavaliers 115 orlandomagic 106 home
sanantoniospurs 111 denvernuggets 92 away
brooklynnets 103 charlottehornets 94 away
chicagobulls 118 newyorkknicks 85 home
detroitpistons 108 minnesotatimberwolves 85 home
utahjazz 104 houstonrockets 95 away
losangeleslakers 104 goldenstatewarriors 94 home
phoenixsuns 109 memphisgrizzlies 95 away
oklahomacitythunder 99 dallasmavericks 86 home
miamiheat 105 philadelphiaSSers 78 away
portlandtrailblazers 109 losangelesclippers 87 home
bostonceltics 95 sacramentokings 92 away
dallasmavericks 107 phoenixsuns 97 home
goldenstatewarriors 130 sacramentokings 98 home
sanantoniospurs 90 indianapacers 87 away
atlantahawks 110 losangelesclippers 92 away
houstonrockets 127 milwaukeebucks 99 away
miamiheat 87 brooklynnets 84 away
utahjazz 98 neworleanspelicans 90 away
chicagobulls 115 newyorkknicks 109 away
orlandomagic 116 detroitpistons 91 home
memphisgrizzlies 109 torontoraptors 102 away
washingtonwizards 108 minnesotatimberwolves 99 home
denvernuggets 118 clevelandcavaliers 116 away
bostonceltics 87 losangeleslakers 86 away
charlottehornets 110 clevelandcavaliers 93 home
milwaukeebucks 91 detroitpistons 85 away
utahjazz 100 goldenstatewarriors 89 away
miamiheat 100 memphisgrizzlies 87 away
chicagobulls 100 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
torontoraptors 106 brooklynnets 89 away
neworleanspelicans 107 indianapacers 101 home
dallasmavericks 95 orlandomagic 85 away
philadelphiaSSers 106 sanantoniospurs 94 home
phoenixsuns 88 atlantahawks 80 home
bostonceltics 96 portlandtrailblazers 76 away
washingtonwizards 107 denvernuggets 97 home
chicagobulls 122 philadelphiaSSers 90 home
dallasmavericks 97 miamiheat 91 home
indianapacers 125 houstonrockets 115 away
losangelesclippers 99 sacramentokings 89 home
milwaukeebucks 93 charlottehornets 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 121 newyorkknicks 118 away
torontoraptors 109 washingtonwizards 104 home
denvernuggets 114 bostonceltics 105 home
detroitpistons 109 sanantoniospurs 101 home
goldenstatewarriors 108 atlantahawks 104 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 minnesotatimberwolves 107 away
memphisgrizzlies 104 brooklynnets 94 away
neworleanspelicans 102 houstonrockets 94 home
orlandomagic 101 clevelandcavaliers 95 home
phoenixsuns 104 sacramentokings 88 home
utahjazz 93 portlandtrailblazers 89 away
dallasmavericks 91 indianapacers 82 home
losangelesclippers 98 charlottehornets 94 home
milwaukeebucks 83 newyorkknicks 67 away
atlantahawks 105 utahjazz 100 away
washingtonwizards 101 chicagobulls 95 home
bostonceltics 110 newyorkknicks 106 home
clevelandcavaliers 105 neworleanspelicans 95 home
philadelphiaSSers 110 goldenstatewarriors 102 away
losangeleslakers 99 memphisgrizzlies 98 away
minnesotatimberwolves 91 miamiheat 88 away
portlandtrailblazers 102 brooklynnets 93 away
phoenixsuns 104 oklahomacitythunder 102 away
detroitpistons 101 sacramentokings 89 away
atlantahawks 98 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
chicagobulls 120 indianapacers 110 home
dallasmavericks 101 losangeleslakers 96 home
orlandomagic 110 houstonrockets 92 away
losangelesclippers 97 detroitpistons 91 home
milwaukeebucks 115 neworleanspelicans 95 home
phoenixsuns 106 philadelphiaSSers 95 home
sanantoniospurs 95 oklahomacitythunder 87 home
portlandtrailblazers 101 torontoraptors 87 away
utahjazz 102 charlottehornets 93 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 washingtonwizards 94 away
milwaukeebucks 112 indianapacers 110 away
clevelandcavaliers 108 bostonceltics 88 away
denvernuggets 127 goldenstatewarriors 112 away
dallasmavericks 111 atlantahawks 103 away
chicagobulls 115 portlandtrailblazers 111 home
denvernuggets 107 detroitpistons 102 home
houstonrockets 109 sanantoniospurs 104 home
losangeleslakers 99 philadelphiaSSers 90 home
charlottehornets 93 memphisgrizzlies 89 away
neworleanspelicans 100 orlandomagic 93 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
phoenixsuns 125 losangelesclippers 112 home
sacramentokings 103 utahjazz 99 home
clevelandcavaliers 126 torontoraptors 118 away
newyorkknicks 118 washingtonwizards 116 away
brooklynnets 104 bostonceltics 96 away
goldenstatewarriors 95 detroitpistons 88 home
indianapacers 100 chicagobulls 90 home
milwaukeebucks 94 miamiheat 71 away
portlandtrailblazers 110 minnesotatimberwolves 91 away
memphisgrizzlies 120 newyorkknicks 109 away
utahjazz 133 houstonrockets 110 home
atlantahawks 106 milwaukeebucks 102 home
dallasmavericks 108 neworleanspelicans 100 home
losangeleslakers 95 denvernuggets 89 home
washingtonwizards 89 brooklynnets 85 away
oklahomacitythunder 119 torontoraptors 99 home
orlandomagic 96 miamiheat 80 home
sacramentokings 97 losangelesclippers 92 home
sanantoniospurs 113 phoenixsuns 110 home
dallasmavericks 89 charlottehornets 84 away
atlantahawks 116 chicagobulls 92 away
clevelandcavaliers 124 newyorkknicks 93 home
houstonrockets 116 torontoraptors 92 home
losangelesclippers 108 utahjazz 104 home
portlandtrailblazers 103 memphisgrizzlies 93 away
sanantoniospurs 106 neworleanspelicans 92 away
orlandomagic 126 philadelphiaSSers 105 away
phoenixsuns 101 denvernuggets 85 home
bostonceltics 105 detroitpistons 100 away
losangeleslakers 122 indianapacers 99 home
miamiheat 110 goldenstatewarriors 106 home
oklahomacitythunder 113 sacramentokings 107 home
atlantahawks 112 philadelphiaSSers 93 home
bostonceltics 104 charlottehornets 80 home
dallasmavericks 112 minnesotatimberwolves 109 home
denvernuggets 119 oklahomacitythunder 90 home
sacramentokings 84 houstonrockets 81 away
phoenixsuns 127 losangelesclippers 101 away
milwaukeebucks 100 washingtonwizards 87 home
clevelandcavaliers 111 brooklynnets 92 away
memphisgrizzlies 104 neworleanspelicans 100 away
newyorkknicks 128 detroitpistons 104 home
orlandomagic 117 goldenstatewarriors 90 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 indianapacers 79 home
memphisgrizzlies 105 chicagobulls 96 away
miamiheat 114 losangeleslakers 111 home
utahjazz 116 phoenixsuns 108 away
atlantahawks 127 goldenstatewarriors 122 home
charlottehornets 98 losangeleslakers 83 home
clevelandcavaliers 99 detroitpistons 92 home
dallasmavericks 108 sacramentokings 100 home
denvernuggets 122 indianapacers 114 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 losangelesclippers 87 away
orlandomagic 97 brooklynnets 87 away
bostonceltics 96 philadelphiaSSers 86 away
sanantoniospurs 102 neworleanspelicans 91 home
torontoraptors 102 newyorkknicks 96 home
milwaukeebucks 102 washingtonwizards 74 away
charlottehornets 101 goldenstatewarriors 90 home
dallasmavericks 122 chicagobulls 116 away
sanantoniospurs 102 memphisgrizzlies 92 away
miamiheat 100 atlantahawks 94 home
milwaukeebucks 92 clevelandcavaliers 85 home
houstonrockets 112 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
brooklynnets 113 newyorkknicks 93 away
phoenixsuns 113 indianapacers 105 home
utahjazz 107 losangelesclippers 85 home
bostonceltics 86 washingtonwizards 83 home
denvernuggets 118 portlandtrailblazers 106 home
detroitpistons 110 houstonrockets 107 home
orlandomagic 96 losangeleslakers 94 home
oklahomacitythunder 108 sacramentokings 102 away
philadelphiaSSers 114 torontoraptors 101 away
clevelandcavaliers 97 sanantoniospurs 95 home
memphisgrizzlies 107 brooklynnets 101 home
dallasmavericks 125 minnesotatimberwolves 112 away
neworleanspelicans 135 goldenstatewarriors 131 home
newyorkknicks 99 atlantahawks 98 home
charlottehornets 83 miamiheat 78 home
utahjazz 132 chicagobulls 108 away
indianapacers 107 philadelphiaSSers 96 home
losangeleslakers 109 torontoraptors 107 home
milwaukeebucks 86 bostonceltics 84 home
orlandomagic 113 losangelesclippers 87 home
portlandtrailblazers 88 sacramentokings 81 home
houstonrockets 96 washingtonwizards 88 away
memphisgrizzlies 111 bostonceltics 91 away
dallasmavericks 96 brooklynnets 87 home
utahjazz 115 detroitpistons 104 away
miamiheat 108 losangelesclippers 97 home
denvernuggets 110 minnesotatimberwolves 102 away
oklahomacitythunder 98 neworleanspelicans 83 home
charlottehornets 102 philadelphiaSSers 87 away
sacramentokings 113 torontoraptors 90 home
sanantoniospurs 97 newyorkknicks 87 home
portlandtrailblazers 110 goldenstatewarriors 105 away
orlandomagic 111 chicagobulls 82 home
atlantahawks 105 washingtonwizards 99 away
bostonceltics 122 indianapacers 103 home
charlottehornets 106 losangelesclippers 98 home
detroitpistons 101 washingtonwizards 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 119 newyorkknicks 112 home
miamiheat 108 chicagobulls 95 home
milwaukeebucks 95 utahjazz 87 home
sanantoniospurs 103 minnesotatimberwolves 85 away
denvernuggets 102 neworleanspelicans 95 away
oklahomacitythunder 104 brooklynnets 102 home
clevelandcavaliers 100 philadelphiaSSers 95 away
losangeleslakers 102 phoenixsuns 96 away
portlandtrailblazers 110 sacramentokings 94 away
atlantahawks 112 detroitpistons 99 home
newyorkknicks 128 dallasmavericks 94 away
goldenstatewarriors 124 torontoraptors 112 home
houstonrockets 116 brooklynnets 108 home
denvernuggets 125 memphisgrizzlies 108 away
sanantoniospurs 118 losangelesclippers 88 home
orlandomagic 109 washingtonwizards 95 away
clevelandcavaliers 104 bostonceltics 93 home
miamiheat 104 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
milwaukeebucks 98 indianapacers 94 home
oklahomacitythunder 119 utahjazz 111 home
charlottehornets 96 orlandomagic 89 away
phoenixsuns 120 neworleanspelicans 106 home
portlandtrailblazers 109 torontoraptors 98 home
sacramentokings 114 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
bostonceltics 119 detroitpistons 93 home
losangeleslakers 124 goldenstatewarriors 121 away
houstonrockets 125 denvernuggets 123 home
neworleanspelicans 108 losangelesclippers 100 away
newyorkknicks 94 philadelphiaSSers 84 away
utahjazz 112 washingtonwizards 89 home
denvernuggets 97 washingtonwizards 87 home
clevelandcavaliers 113 detroitpistons 101 away
indianapacers 99 charlottehornets 94 home
memphisgrizzlies 104 chicagobulls 97 home
sanantoniospurs 88 miamiheat 76 away
atlantahawks 108 brooklynnets 84 away
phoenixsuns 152 minnesotatimberwolves 114 home
losangeleslakers 106 sacramentokings 99 away
bostonceltics 109 newyorkknicks 97 home
charlottehornets 100 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 99 indianapacers 94 home
dallasmavericks 113 chicagobulls 106 home
goldenstatewarriors 131 neworleanspelicans 121 home
houstonrockets 107 memphisgrizzlies 94 home
losangelesclippers 101 milwaukeebucks 93 home
orlandomagic 110 sanantoniospurs 84 home
philadelphiaSSers 108 brooklynnets 97 home
torontoraptors 106 atlantahawks 105 home
utahjazz 122 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
denvernuggets 93 neworleanspelicans 80 home
orlandomagic 108 miamiheat 102 away
atlantahawks 93 charlottehornets 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 92 chicagobulls 85 away
bostonceltics 94 houstonrockets 87 away
indianapacers 106 detroitpistons 102 home
losangeleslakers 104 minnesotatimberwolves 96 home
newyorkknicks 92 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
phoenixsuns 110 utahjazz 100 home
portlandtrailblazers 76 washingtonwizards 74 home
milwaukeebucks 114 sacramentokings 108 away
sanantoniospurs 147 goldenstatewarriors 116 home
oklahomacitythunder 115 torontoraptors 89 away
bostonceltics 102 dallasmavericks 93 away
milwaukeebucks 102 denvernuggets 97 away
memphisgrizzlies 123 goldenstatewarriors 107 home
miamiheat 77 charlottehornets 71 home
torontoraptors 100 brooklynnets 90 away
chicagobulls 98 philadelphiaSSers 84 away
utahjazz 106 neworleanspelicans 86 home
atlantahawks 119 sanantoniospurs 114 home
clevelandcavaliers 104 detroitpistons 79 home
indianapacers 121 oklahomacitythunder 101 home
sacramentokings 102 losangelesclippers 89 away
losangeleslakers 99 washingtonwizards 92 home
houstonrockets 116 newyorkknicks 112 away
phoenixsuns 93 portlandtrailblazers 87 home
chicagobulls 98 houstonrockets 88 home
phoenixsuns 133 goldenstatewarriors 131 away
milwaukeebucks 98 atlantahawks 95 home
torontoraptors 106 minnesotatimberwolves 100 away
miamiheat 99 brooklynnets 89 away
neworleanspelicans 115 dallasmavericks 99 home
sanantoniospurs 99 oklahomacitythunder 96 away
orlandomagic 109 philadelphiaSSers 93 away
memphisgrizzlies 102 sacramentokings 85 away
utahjazz 110 bostonceltics 97 home
dallasmavericks 106 losangelesclippers 96 home
indianapacers 98 detroitpistons 83 away
newyorkknicks 109 denvernuggets 104 home
charlottehornets 95 washingtonwizards 86 away
atlantahawks 86 orlandomagic 84 home
bostonceltics 113 denvernuggets 99 home
charlottehornets 108 minnesotatimberwolves 95 home
goldenstatewarriors 128 memphisgrizzlies 110 home
indianapacers 99 washingtonwizards 82 home
philadelphiaSSers 101 milwaukeebucks 86 away
brooklynnets 93 sacramentokings 79 home
clevelandcavaliers 105 neworleanspelicans 92 away
oklahomacitythunder 122 houstonrockets 104 home
losangeleslakers 92 sanantoniospurs 83 away
utahjazz 113 torontoraptors 87 away
miamiheat 103 chicagobulls 74 away
losangelesclippers 99 houstonrockets 93 away
portlandtrailblazers 101 dallasmavericks 89 home
bostonceltics 94 sacramentokings 86 home
charlottehornets 107 washingtonwizards 96 home
indianapacers 122 utahjazz 106 home
miamiheat 87 milwaukeebucks 74 away
brooklynnets 118 detroitpistons 110 home
oklahomacitythunder 91 losangeleslakers 75 home
orlandomagic 106 minnesotatimberwolves 97 home
philadelphiaSSers 105 atlantahawks 98 home
phoenixsuns 132 newyorkknicks 96 home
sanantoniospurs 102 clevelandcavaliers 97 home
denvernuggets 97 torontoraptors 96 away
chicagobulls 106 brooklynnets 83 home
dallasmavericks 111 goldenstatewarriors 90 away
losangeleslakers 109 houstonrockets 101 away
portlandtrailblazers 112 neworleanspelicans 101 away
utahjazz 103 washingtonwizards 87 away
atlantahawks 94 indianapacers 84 home
sanantoniospurs 94 bostonceltics 73 away
clevelandcavaliers 97 sacramentokings 90 home
chicagobulls 110 detroitpistons 103 away
goldenstatewarriors 121 losangelesclippers 103 away
miamiheat 97 torontoraptors 94 home
milwaukeebucks 108 memphisgrizzlies 103 home
phoenixsuns 111 minnesotatimberwolves 105 away
portlandtrailblazers 92 oklahomacitythunder 87 away
orlandomagic 103 denvernuggets 97 home
torontoraptors 103 charlottehornets 101 away
dallasmavericks 109 denvernuggets 93 home
brooklynnets 90 sanantoniospurs 84 home
neworleanspelicans 108 losangeleslakers 100 home
utahjazz 103 newyorkknicks 98 home
phoenixsuns 111 chicagobulls 105 away
houstonrockets 98 washingtonwizards 94 home
indianapacers 102 sacramentokings 95 home
milwaukeebucks 107 losangelesclippers 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 111 philadelphiaSSers 93 away
minnesotatimberwolves 108 sacramentokings 99 home
phoenixsuns 116 brooklynnets 105 away
washingtonwizards 96 neworleanspelicans 91 away
portlandtrailblazers 118 newyorkknicks 90 home
sanantoniospurs 119 houstonrockets 102 home
torontoraptors 114 losangelesclippers 92 home
utahjazz 128 goldenstatewarriors 104 home
atlantahawks 109 losangeleslakers 92 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 bostonceltics 104 away
charlottehornets 103 philadelphiaSSers 84 home
clevelandcavaliers 101 milwaukeebucks 98 home
miamiheat 98 detroitpistons 81 away
dallasmavericks 106 memphisgrizzlies 102 away
orlandomagic 97 dallasmavericks 82 away
denvernuggets 109 portlandtrailblazers 92 home
houstonrockets 119 bostonceltics 114 away
charlottehornets 87 milwaukeebucks 86 home
clevelandcavaliers 93 atlantahawks 88 home
phoenixsuns 109 detroitpistons 94 away
goldenstatewarriors 128 newyorkknicks 117 home
miamiheat 105 indianapacers 96 away
losangeleslakers 106 utahjazz 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 107 neworleanspelicans 96 home
sanantoniospurs 112 orlandomagic 100 home
chicagobulls 95 washingtonwizards 87 away
atlantahawks 91 detroitpistons 85 home
chicagobulls 96 charlottehornets 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 121 dallasmavericks 116 away
denvernuggets 98 losangelesclippers 90 home
milwaukeebucks 107 phoenixsuns 98 home
miamiheat 97 minnesotatimberwolves 84 away
brooklynnets 115 neworleanspelicans 87 home
torontoraptors 128 philadelphiaSSers 123 away
portlandtrailblazers 98 sacramentokings 87 away
bostonceltics 117 clevelandcavaliers 113 home
indianapacers 133 houstonrockets 102 home
newyorkknicks 113 losangelesclippers 107 away
sanantoniospurs 100 losangeleslakers 81 away
oklahomacitythunder 116 minnesotatimberwolves 108 home
orlandomagic 107 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
goldenstatewarriors 113 torontoraptors 112 away
washingtonwizards 109 brooklynnets 99 home
charlottehornets 109 atlantahawks 100 home
milwaukeebucks 79 chicagobulls 74 away
clevelandcavaliers 113 torontoraptors 101 home
houstonrockets 113 memphisgrizzlies 103 away
newyorkknicks 104 bostonceltics 101 home
detroitpistons 124 philadelphiaSSers 103 away
sanantoniospurs 95 sacramentokings 86 away
utahjazz 140 oklahomacitythunder 139 home
washingtonwizards 112 goldenstatewarriors 94 home
dallasmavericks 110 memphisgrizzlies 84 home
detroitpistons 90 atlantahawks 88 home
houstonrockets 113 utahjazz 96 home
indianapacers 113 newyorkknicks 105 home
portlandtrailblazers 93 losangelesclippers 85 away
miamiheat 99 philadelphiaSSers 95 home
milwaukeebucks 108 brooklynnets 89 home
goldenstatewarriors 116 minnesotatimberwolves 107 away
charlottehornets 104 neworleanspelicans 103 away
denvernuggets 98 oklahomacitythunder 94 away
orlandomagic 121 washingtonwizards 94 home
phoenixsuns 112 sanantoniospurs 101 home
bostonceltics 115 torontoraptors 104 away
chicagobulls 109 clevelandcavaliers 108 home
denvernuggets 98 losangeleslakers 96 home
sacramentokings 116 losangelesclippers 94 home
atlantahawks 107 torontoraptors 101 home
washingtonwizards 106 bostonceltics 96 away
indianapacers 116 clevelandcavaliers 113 away
houstonrockets 97 charlottehornets 90 home
detroitpistons 106 miamiheat 99 away
losangeleslakers 97 minnesotatimberwolves 88 away
brooklynnets 127 chicagobulls 116 home
utahjazz 114 neworleanspelicans 103 away
oklahomacitythunder 96 phoenixsuns 91 home
orlandomagic 118 newyorkknicks 103 home
milwaukeebucks 95 philadelphiaSSers 90 away
dallasmavericks 83 portlandtrailblazers 77 away
memphisgrizzlies 107 sanantoniospurs 99 away
charlottehornets 99 detroitpistons 95 home
sanantoniospurs 104 denvernuggets 85 away
indianapacers 115 brooklynnets 102 home
losangelesclippers 107 goldenstatewarriors 104 home
philadelphiaSSers 120 memphisgrizzlies 101 away
bostonceltics 105 milwaukeebucks 90 away
dallasmavericks 126 sacramentokings 108 away
atlantahawks 105 washingtonwizards 95 away
orlandomagic 98 clevelandcavaliers 92 away
goldenstatewarriors 120 oklahomacitythunder 117 home
portlandtrailblazers 91 losangeleslakers 88 away
neworleanspelicans 114 minnesotatimberwolves 86 home
miamiheat 111 newyorkknicks 98 away
phoenixsuns 116 houstonrockets 106 home
chicagobulls 104 torontoraptors 88 away
denvernuggets 123 memphisgrizzlies 101 home
torontoraptors 111 detroitpistons 97 away
orlandomagic 118 indianapacers 98 away
dallasmavericks 117 losangelesclippers 94 away
atlantahawks 104 milwaukeebucks 96 away
charlottehornets 105 brooklynnets 95 away
newyorkknicks 114 washingtonwizards 103 home
miamiheat 107 philadelphiaSSers 105 away
portlandtrailblazers 103 oklahomacitythunder 95 home
houstonrockets 117 sacramentokings 107 away
sanantoniospurs 133 minnesotatimberwolves 111 home
chicagobulls 101 bostonceltics 93 home
utahjazz 103 goldenstatewarriors 94 away
losangeleslakers 106 sacramentokings 100 home
phoenixsuns 123 denvernuggets 101 home
atlantahawks 99 clevelandcavaliers 83 home
milwaukeebucks 106 bostonceltics 95 away
chicagobulls 98 charlottehornets 89 away
dallasmavericks 96 sanantoniospurs 89 home
neworleanspelicans 123 houstonrockets 115 away
losangelesclippers 107 losangeleslakers 91 home
miamiheat 94 brooklynnets 86 home
detroitpistons 103 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
oklahomacitythunder 114 memphisgrizzlies 105 home
orlandomagic 125 philadelphiaSSers 111 home
goldenstatewarriors 122 portlandtrailblazers 116 away
torontoraptors 131 newyorkknicks 113 home
phoenixsuns 100 utahjazz 86 away
washingtonwizards 98 indianapacers 97 home
playoffs
atlantahawks 102 milwaukeebucks 92 home
bostonceltics 85 miamiheat 76 home
clevelandcavaliers 96 chicagobulls 83 home
denvernuggets 126 utahjazz 113 home
dallasmavericks 100 sanantoniospurs 94 home
losangeleslakers 87 oklahomacitythunder 79 home
orlandomagic 98 charlottehornets 89 home
portlandtrailblazers 105 phoenixsuns 100 away
clevelandcavaliers 112 chicagobulls 102 home
utahjazz 114 denvernuggets 111 away
atlantahawks 96 milwaukeebucks 86 home
bostonceltics 106 miamiheat 77 home
losangeleslakers 95 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
phoenixsuns 119 portlandtrailblazers 90 home
sanantoniospurs 102 dallasmavericks 88 away
orlandomagic 92 charlottehornets 77 home
chicagobulls 108 clevelandcavaliers 106 home
oklahomacitythunder 101 losangeleslakers 96 home
phoenixsuns 108 portlandtrailblazers 89 away
bostonceltics 100 miamiheat 98 away
sanantoniospurs 94 dallasmavericks 90 home
utahjazz 105 denvernuggets 93 home
orlandomagic 90 charlottehornets 86 away
milwaukeebucks 107 atlantahawks 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 110 losangeleslakers 89 home
portlandtrailblazers 96 phoenixsuns 87 home
clevelandcavaliers 121 chicagobulls 98 away
miamiheat 101 bostonceltics 92 home
sanantoniospurs 92 dallasmavericks 89 home
utahjazz 117 denvernuggets 106 home
orlandomagic 99 charlottehornets 90 away
milwaukeebucks 111 atlantahawks 104 home
phoenixsuns 107 portlandtrailblazers 88 home
bostonceltics 96 miamiheat 86 home
clevelandcavaliers 96 chicagobulls 94 home
dallasmavericks 103 sanantoniospurs 81 home
losangeleslakers 111 oklahomacitythunder 87 home
milwaukeebucks 91 atlantahawks 87 away
denvernuggets 116 utahjazz 102 home
phoenixsuns 99 portlandtrailblazers 90 away
sanantoniospurs 97 dallasmavericks 87 home
atlantahawks 83 milwaukeebucks 69 away
losangeleslakers 95 oklahomacitythunder 94 away
utahjazz 112 denvernuggets 104 home
clevelandcavaliers 101 bostonceltics 93 home
atlantahawks 95 milwaukeebucks 74 home
losangeleslakers 104 utahjazz 99 home
bostonceltics 104 clevelandcavaliers 86 away
phoenixsuns 111 sanantoniospurs 102 home
losangeleslakers 111 utahjazz 103 home
orlandomagic 114 atlantahawks 71 home
phoenixsuns 110 sanantoniospurs 102 home
orlandomagic 112 atlantahawks 98 home
clevelandcavaliers 124 bostonceltics 95 away
phoenixsuns 110 sanantoniospurs 96 away
orlandomagic 105 atlantahawks 75 away
losangeleslakers 111 utahjazz 110 away
bostonceltics 97 clevelandcavaliers 87 home
phoenixsuns 107 sanantoniospurs 101 away
orlandomagic 98 atlantahawks 84 away
losangeleslakers 111 utahjazz 96 away
bostonceltics 120 clevelandcavaliers 88 away
bostonceltics 94 clevelandcavaliers 85 home
bostonceltics 92 orlandomagic 88 away
losangeleslakers 128 phoenixsuns 107 home
bostonceltics 95 orlandomagic 92 away
losangeleslakers 124 phoenixsuns 112 home
bostonceltics 94 orlandomagic 71 home
phoenixsuns 118 losangeleslakers 109 home
orlandomagic 96 bostonceltics 92 away
phoenixsuns 115 losangeleslakers 106 home
orlandomagic 113 bostonceltics 92 home
losangeleslakers 103 phoenixsuns 101 home
bostonceltics 96 orlandomagic 84 home
losangeleslakers 111 phoenixsuns 103 away
losangeleslakers 102 bostonceltics 89 home
bostonceltics 103 losangeleslakers 94 away
losangeleslakers 91 bostonceltics 84 away
bostonceltics 96 losangeleslakers 89 home
bostonceltics 92 losangeleslakers 86 home
losangeleslakers 89 bostonceltics 67 home
losangeleslakers 83 bostonceltics 79 home
yearEnd
bostonceltics 88 miamiheat 80 home
losangeleslakers 112 houstonrockets 110 home
portlandtrailblazers 106 phoenixsuns 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 95 bostonceltics 87 home
dallasmavericks 101 charlottehornets 86 home
denvernuggets 110 utahjazz 88 home
goldenstatewarriors 132 houstonrockets 128 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 losangelesclippers 88 away
atlantahawks 119 memphisgrizzlies 104 away
sacramentokings 117 minnesotatimberwolves 116 away
brooklynnets 101 detroitpistons 98 home
neworleanspelicans 95 milwaukeebucks 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 chicagobulls 95 home
miamiheat 97 philadelphiaSSers 87 away
sanantoniospurs 122 indianapacers 109 home
newyorkknicks 98 torontoraptors 93 away
orlandomagic 112 washingtonwizards 83 home
phoenixsuns 110 utahjazz 94 away
bostonceltics 105 newyorkknicks 101 home
indianapacers 104 charlottehornets 101 away
memphisgrizzlies 91 dallasmavericks 90 away
oklahomacitythunder 105 detroitpistons 104 away
goldenstatewarriors 109 losangelesclippers 91 home
miamiheat 96 orlandomagic 70 home
minnesotatimberwolves 96 milwaukeebucks 85 home
brooklynnets 106 sacramentokings 100 home
neworleanspelicans 101 denvernuggets 95 home
atlantahawks 104 philadelphiaSSers 101 away
losangeleslakers 114 phoenixsuns 106 away
torontoraptors 101 clevelandcavaliers 81 home
atlantahawks 99 washingtonwizards 95 home
chicagobulls 101 detroitpistons 91 home
sacramentokings 107 clevelandcavaliers 104 away
denvernuggets 107 houstonrockets 94 away
indianapacers 99 philadelphiaSSers 86 home
memphisgrizzlies 109 minnesotatimberwolves 89 home
milwaukeebucks 98 charlottehornets 88 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 newyorkknicks 95 away
neworleanspelicans 99 sanantoniospurs 90 away
dallasmavericks 99 losangelesclippers 83 away
losangeleslakers 107 goldenstatewarriors 83 home
miamiheat 101 brooklynnets 78 away
utahjazz 120 oklahomacitythunder 99 away
chicagobulls 110 portlandtrailblazers 98 home
sanantoniospurs 97 losangelesclippers 88 away
sacramentokings 111 torontoraptors 108 home
atlantahawks 100 clevelandcavaliers 88 away
bostonceltics 109 detroitpistons 86 away
losangeleslakers 124 memphisgrizzlies 105 home
miamiheat 129 minnesotatimberwolves 97 home
portlandtrailblazers 90 milwaukeebucks 76 away
washingtonwizards 116 philadelphiaSSers 115 home
goldenstatewarriors 115 memphisgrizzlies 109 home
neworleanspelicans 107 houstonrockets 99 away
losangelesclippers 107 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
charlottehornets 85 brooklynnets 83 away
orlandomagic 128 minnesotatimberwolves 86 home
philadelphiaSSers 101 indianapacers 75 home
sanantoniospurs 112 phoenixsuns 110 away
losangeleslakers 112 sacramentokings 100 away
utahjazz 125 torontoraptors 108 home
atlantahawks 94 detroitpistons 85 home
bostonceltics 105 milwaukeebucks 102 home
dallasmavericks 102 denvernuggets 101 away
newyorkknicks 120 chicagobulls 112 away
oklahomacitythunder 107 portlandtrailblazers 106 away
bostonceltics 110 chicagobulls 105 home
denvernuggets 111 losangelesclippers 104 home
detroitpistons 97 charlottehornets 90 home
goldenstatewarriors 85 utahjazz 78 home
milwaukeebucks 94 indianapacers 90 away
losangeleslakers 108 torontoraptors 103 home
atlantahawks 113 minnesotatimberwolves 103 away
neworleanspelicans 96 miamiheat 93 home
newyorkknicks 112 washingtonwizards 91 home
orlandomagic 105 brooklynnets 90 home
clevelandcavaliers 123 philadelphiaSSers 116 away
phoenixsuns 123 memphisgrizzlies 118 home
orlandomagic 91 charlottehornets 88 away
denvernuggets 103 dallasmavericks 92 away
miamiheat 101 brooklynnets 89 home
neworleanspelicans 87 milwaukeebucks 81 away
portlandtrailblazers 97 torontoraptors 84 home
memphisgrizzlies 100 sacramentokings 91 away
sanantoniospurs 124 houstonrockets 121 home
utahjazz 109 losangelesclippers 107 home
clevelandcavaliers 107 washingtonwizards 102 away
phoenixsuns 118 atlantahawks 114 away
detroitpistons 102 goldenstatewarriors 97 home
houstonrockets 120 minnesotatimberwolves 94 home
losangeleslakers 121 portlandtrailblazers 96 home
philadelphiaSSers 106 newyorkknicks 96 away
bostonceltics 92 oklahomacitythunder 83 away
sanantoniospurs 95 charlottehornets 91 away
chicagobulls 94 denvernuggets 92 home
dallasmavericks 89 bostonceltics 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 109 phoenixsuns 99 home
orlandomagic 93 atlantahawks 89 home
goldenstatewarriors 109 torontoraptors 102 away
indianapacers 144 denvernuggets 113 home
losangeleslakers 99 minnesotatimberwolves 94 home
utahjazz 116 miamiheat 114 away
milwaukeebucks 107 newyorkknicks 80 home
clevelandcavaliers 93 brooklynnets 91 away
neworleanspelicans 101 losangelesclippers 82 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 detroitpistons 78 home
milwaukeebucks 108 atlantahawks 91 away
brooklynnets 95 clevelandcavaliers 87 away
dallasmavericks 106 memphisgrizzlies 91 away
goldenstatewarriors 122 newyorkknicks 117 away
oklahomacitythunder 109 philadelphiaSSers 103 home
utahjazz 104 orlandomagic 94 away
minnesotatimberwolves 98 sacramentokings 89 away
sanantoniospurs 107 losangelesclippers 95 home
charlottehornets 101 torontoraptors 96 away
washingtonwizards 98 houstonrockets 91 home
chicagobulls 120 goldenstatewarriors 90 home
denvernuggets 118 losangeleslakers 112 home
bostonceltics 112 miamiheat 107 away
utahjazz 90 atlantahawks 86 away
dallasmavericks 99 philadelphiaSSers 90 home
houstonrockets 102 indianapacers 99 away
detroitpistons 113 losangelesclippers 107 away
minnesotatimberwolves 112 newyorkknicks 103 home
oklahomacitythunder 110 portlandtrailblazers 108 home
torontoraptors 110 orlandomagic 106 away
phoenixsuns 103 sacramentokings 89 home
charlottehornets 93 washingtonwizards 85 away
utahjazz 96 charlottehornets 95 away
chicagobulls 103 washingtonwizards 96 home
indianapacers 99 clevelandcavaliers 85 away
bostonceltics 116 memphisgrizzlies 110 away
miamiheat 109 torontoraptors 100 home
milwaukeebucks 79 goldenstatewarriors 72 home
orlandomagic 91 brooklynnets 90 away
neworleanspelicans 107 portlandtrailblazers 87 home
sanantoniospurs 116 philadelphiaSSers 93 home
atlantahawks 111 minnesotatimberwolves 105 home
phoenixsuns 121 losangeleslakers 116 away
houstonrockets 104 newyorkknicks 96 away
sanantoniospurs 117 oklahomacitythunder 104 away
detroitpistons 100 sacramentokings 94 away
charlottehornets 113 minnesotatimberwolves 110 home
dallasmavericks 98 neworleanspelicans 95 home
goldenstatewarriors 101 detroitpistons 97 home
brooklynnets 110 losangelesclippers 96 away
orlandomagic 89 memphisgrizzlies 72 home
phoenixsuns 100 denvernuggets 94 home
oklahomacitythunder 115 utahjazz 108 away
clevelandcavaliers 101 philadelphiaSSers 93 home
denvernuggets 120 newyorkknicks 118 home
chicagobulls 95 houstonrockets 92 away
atlantahawks 102 indianapacers 92 away
portlandtrailblazers 100 memphisgrizzlies 99 away
losangeleslakers 118 milwaukeebucks 107 away
washingtonwizards 109 torontoraptors 94 home
bostonceltics 114 washingtonwizards 83 home
losangeleslakers 103 detroitpistons 90 away
miamiheat 123 phoenixsuns 96 home
minnesotatimberwolves 113 losangelesclippers 111 home
neworleanspelicans 99 dallasmavericks 97 home
oklahomacitythunder 116 houstonrockets 99 home
torontoraptors 94 philadelphiaSSers 86 away
newyorkknicks 113 sacramentokings 106 away
sanantoniospurs 103 chicagobulls 94 home
utahjazz 98 brooklynnets 88 home
indianapacers 107 losangelesclippers 80 home
orlandomagic 105 phoenixsuns 89 home
portlandtrailblazers 86 denvernuggets 83 home
oklahomacitythunder 89 bostonceltics 84 away
chicagobulls 88 dallasmavericks 83 away
newyorkknicks 125 goldenstatewarriors 119 away
miamiheat 95 charlottehornets 87 home
losangeleslakers 112 minnesotatimberwolves 95 away
neworleanspelicans 108 clevelandcavaliers 101 home
philadelphiaSSers 90 milwaukeebucks 79 home
sacramentokings 86 brooklynnets 81 home
torontoraptors 106 houstonrockets 96 home
sanantoniospurs 94 utahjazz 82 away
washingtonwizards 89 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
dallasmavericks 98 atlantahawks 93 away
charlottehornets 123 phoenixsuns 105 home
denvernuggets 107 brooklynnets 103 home
orlandomagic 90 indianapacers 86 away
newyorkknicks 124 losangelesclippers 115 away
memphisgrizzlies 97 miamiheat 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 82 milwaukeebucks 81 away
utahjazz 103 portlandtrailblazers 94 away
sanantoniospurs 116 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
detroitpistons 115 washingtonwizards 110 home
losangeleslakers 117 goldenstatewarriors 89 home
neworleanspelicans 75 sacramentokings 71 away
torontoraptors 102 bostonceltics 101 home
bostonceltics 99 atlantahawks 76 away
denvernuggets 106 goldenstatewarriors 89 away
phoenixsuns 123 houstonrockets 116 away
losangelesclippers 99 neworleanspelicans 95 home
indianapacers 93 miamiheat 77 away
oklahomacitythunder 117 minnesotatimberwolves 107 home
sanantoniospurs 106 orlandomagic 97 home
utahjazz 94 sacramentokings 83 home
dallasmavericks 88 detroitpistons 84 home
indianapacers 100 clevelandcavaliers 89 home
losangeleslakers 98 chicagobulls 91 home
brooklynnets 107 atlantahawks 101 home
newyorkknicks 110 charlottehornets 107 home
washingtonwizards 116 philadelphiaSSers 114 home
bostonceltics 89 brooklynnets 83 home
newyorkknicks 99 charlottehornets 95 away
clevelandcavaliers 83 milwaukeebucks 81 home
houstonrockets 111 goldenstatewarriors 101 home
memphisgrizzlies 105 detroitpistons 84 home
sanantoniospurs 113 minnesotatimberwolves 109 away
dallasmavericks 111 oklahomacitythunder 103 away
orlandomagic 104 miamiheat 95 home
chicagobulls 123 phoenixsuns 115 away
torontoraptors 106 philadelphiaSSers 90 home
utahjazz 105 neworleanspelicans 87 home
atlantahawks 116 washingtonwizards 96 home
losangelesclippers 100 sacramentokings 82 home
bostonceltics 110 torontoraptors 101 home
charlottehornets 99 houstonrockets 89 home
denvernuggets 98 chicagobulls 97 home
detroitpistons 103 milwaukeebucks 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 110 indianapacers 106 away
memphisgrizzlies 116 goldenstatewarriors 111 home
miamiheat 99 philadelphiaSSers 90 home
orlandomagic 111 clevelandcavaliers 100 home
phoenixsuns 116 losangelesclippers 108 home
neworleanspelicans 97 portlandtrailblazers 78 away
dallasmavericks 103 sanantoniospurs 94 away
utahjazz 102 losangeleslakers 96 home
clevelandcavaliers 92 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
dallasmavericks 106 miamiheat 95 home
milwaukeebucks 104 charlottehornets 101 home
goldenstatewarriors 104 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
atlantahawks 99 newyorkknicks 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 102 brooklynnets 86 home
chicagobulls 96 sacramentokings 85 away
orlandomagic 100 washingtonwizards 99 away
denvernuggets 138 phoenixsuns 133 home
newyorkknicks 125 detroitpistons 116 away
houstonrockets 99 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
utahjazz 109 losangelesclippers 97 away
indianapacers 95 losangeleslakers 92 away
brooklynnets 98 portlandtrailblazers 96 home
sanantoniospurs 109 neworleanspelicans 95 away
atlantahawks 96 torontoraptors 78 away
dallasmavericks 101 houstonrockets 91 home
miamiheat 105 washingtonwizards 94 home
oklahomacitythunder 95 neworleanspelicans 89 home
utahjazz 109 milwaukeebucks 88 home
bostonceltics 106 clevelandcavaliers 87 away
sanantoniospurs 118 goldenstatewarriors 98 away
memphisgrizzlies 98 losangeleslakers 96 home
newyorkknicks 111 brooklynnets 100 home
orlandomagic 90 detroitpistons 79 home
philadelphiaSSers 88 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
indianapacers 107 sacramentokings 98 away
atlantahawks 112 memphisgrizzlies 109 home
bostonceltics 99 portlandtrailblazers 95 home
orlandomagic 107 chicagobulls 78 away
dallasmavericks 100 minnesotatimberwolves 86 home
denvernuggets 105 milwaukeebucks 94 home
houstonrockets 109 losangeleslakers 99 home
losangelesclippers 90 sanantoniospurs 85 home
miamiheat 97 detroitpistons 72 home
oklahomacitythunder 123 brooklynnets 120 away
neworleanspelicans 89 charlottehornets 73 home
torontoraptors 127 washingtonwizards 108 home
utahjazz 110 indianapacers 88 home
miamiheat 118 clevelandcavaliers 90 away
phoenixsuns 107 goldenstatewarriors 101 away
atlantahawks 93 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
bostonceltics 104 chicagobulls 92 home
charlottehornets 91 brooklynnets 84 home
denvernuggets 109 losangelesclippers 104 home
orlandomagic 104 detroitpistons 91 away
losangeleslakers 113 sacramentokings 80 home
houstonrockets 127 memphisgrizzlies 111 away
newyorkknicks 100 neworleanspelicans 92 away
phoenixsuns 105 indianapacers 97 home
sanantoniospurs 107 minnesotatimberwolves 101 home
torontoraptors 111 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
dallasmavericks 93 utahjazz 81 away
washingtonwizards 83 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
chicagobulls 119 houstonrockets 116 home
miamiheat 89 atlantahawks 77 home
milwaukeebucks 96 orlandomagic 85 home
minnesotatimberwolves 129 clevelandcavaliers 95 home
philadelphiaSSers 109 charlottehornets 91 home
dallasmavericks 105 sacramentokings 103 away
denvernuggets 108 memphisgrizzlies 107 home
detroitpistons 102 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
bostonceltics 100 brooklynnets 75 away
oklahomacitythunder 114 goldenstatewarriors 109 home
phoenixsuns 125 washingtonwizards 108 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 losangelesclippers 91 home
sanantoniospurs 109 neworleanspelicans 84 home
newyorkknicks 116 torontoraptors 99 away
chicagobulls 99 oklahomacitythunder 90 home
indianapacers 124 torontoraptors 100 home
losangelesclippers 98 sacramentokings 91 home
miamiheat 88 milwaukeebucks 78 away
newyorkknicks 121 minnesotatimberwolves 114 home
atlantahawks 80 orlandomagic 74 away
utahjazz 94 memphisgrizzlies 85 home
losangeleslakers 115 washingtonwizards 108 home
philadelphiaSSers 117 clevelandcavaliers 97 home
portlandtrailblazers 106 phoenixsuns 99 home
atlantahawks 116 brooklynnets 101 home
charlottehornets 100 denvernuggets 98 home
dallasmavericks 105 goldenstatewarriors 100 home
houstonrockets 97 detroitpistons 83 home
bostonceltics 105 denvernuggets 89 home
chicagobulls 88 clevelandcavaliers 83 away
losangeleslakers 87 losangelesclippers 86 home
milwaukeebucks 97 indianapacers 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 111 minnesotatimberwolves 103 away
neworleanspelicans 93 detroitpistons 74 home
newyorkknicks 113 torontoraptors 110 home
memphisgrizzlies 104 phoenixsuns 98 away
sacramentokings 116 washingtonwizards 91 home
sanantoniospurs 111 goldenstatewarriors 94 home
miamiheat 111 utahjazz 98 away
dallasmavericks 102 brooklynnets 89 home
bostonceltics 102 philadelphiaSSers 101 away
portlandtrailblazers 97 orlandomagic 83 home
chicagobulls 88 losangeleslakers 84 home
miamiheat 106 goldenstatewarriors 84 away
indianapacers 100 charlottehornets 92 home
milwaukeebucks 97 houstonrockets 91 home
minnesotatimberwolves 109 detroitpistons 99 home
oklahomacitythunder 97 neworleanspelicans 92 away
portlandtrailblazers 101 phoenixsuns 94 away
sanantoniospurs 108 atlantahawks 92 home
denvernuggets 123 torontoraptors 116 away
utahjazz 117 orlandomagic 105 home
newyorkknicks 101 washingtonwizards 95 away
atlantahawks 97 indianapacers 83 home
bostonceltics 93 charlottehornets 62 away
chicagobulls 113 minnesotatimberwolves 82 home
dallasmavericks 103 utahjazz 97 home
torontoraptors 120 detroitpistons 116 away
houstonrockets 110 clevelandcavaliers 95 home
memphisgrizzlies 84 losangelesclippers 83 away
miamiheat 104 sacramentokings 83 away
orlandomagic 94 losangelesclippers 85 away
losangeleslakers 99 brooklynnets 92 away
newyorkknicks 129 denvernuggets 125 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 clevelandcavaliers 77 home
philadelphiaSSers 88 neworleanspelicans 70 home
sanantoniospurs 95 portlandtrailblazers 78 home
chicagobulls 92 indianapacers 73 home
milwaukeebucks 103 dallasmavericks 99 away
memphisgrizzlies 86 portlandtrailblazers 73 home
miamiheat 96 neworleanspelicans 84 home
utahjazz 108 goldenstatewarriors 95 home
charlottehornets 97 torontoraptors 91 home
denvernuggets 111 orlandomagic 94 home
detroitpistons 103 atlantahawks 80 home
goldenstatewarriors 108 minnesotatimberwolves 99 home
houstonrockets 118 sacramentokings 105 home
philadelphiaSSers 82 brooklynnets 77 away
losangeleslakers 103 washingtonwizards 89 away
dallasmavericks 103 portlandtrailblazers 98 home
losangeleslakers 109 indianapacers 94 away
memphisgrizzlies 113 charlottehornets 80 home
miamiheat 101 clevelandcavaliers 95 home
neworleanspelicans 94 sacramentokings 91 home
bostonceltics 118 newyorkknicks 116 away
oklahomacitythunder 117 houstonrockets 105 home
philadelphiaSSers 105 losangelesclippers 91 home
phoenixsuns 128 minnesotatimberwolves 122 home
sanantoniospurs 92 milwaukeebucks 90 home
chicagobulls 110 torontoraptors 93 away
bostonceltics 102 atlantahawks 90 home
sanantoniospurs 113 denvernuggets 112 away
brooklynnets 97 washingtonwizards 89 home
atlantahawks 90 charlottehornets 85 home
dallasmavericks 106 phoenixsuns 91 home
losangelesclippers 109 detroitpistons 88 away
houstonrockets 103 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
indianapacers 108 clevelandcavaliers 99 home
neworleanspelicans 100 utahjazz 71 home
miamiheat 113 newyorkknicks 91 away
oklahomacitythunder 102 sacramentokings 87 home
losangeleslakers 93 philadelphiaSSers 81 away
portlandtrailblazers 107 minnesotatimberwolves 102 home
torontoraptors 98 brooklynnets 92 home
losangelesclippers 100 chicagobulls 99 away
clevelandcavaliers 109 newyorkknicks 102 home
denvernuggets 115 minnesotatimberwolves 113 home
utahjazz 95 milwaukeebucks 86 away
philadelphiaSSers 97 orlandomagic 89 away
portlandtrailblazers 96 goldenstatewarriors 95 home
sanantoniospurs 112 memphisgrizzlies 106 home
miamiheat 95 washingtonwizards 94 away
bostonceltics 99 indianapacers 88 home
detroitpistons 111 neworleanspelicans 108 home
brooklynnets 89 atlantahawks 82 home
phoenixsuns 113 oklahomacitythunder 110 away
houstonrockets 102 sacramentokings 93 away
losangeleslakers 120 torontoraptors 110 away
atlantahawks 91 orlandomagic 81 home
utahjazz 101 clevelandcavaliers 90 away
houstonrockets 121 goldenstatewarriors 112 away
indianapacers 94 neworleanspelicans 93 home
losangelesclippers 113 minnesotatimberwolves 90 home
dallasmavericks 98 miamiheat 96 away
portlandtrailblazers 106 milwaukeebucks 80 home
sanantoniospurs 118 phoenixsuns 110 home
washingtonwizards 108 charlottehornets 75 home
oklahomacitythunder 99 charlottehornets 81 away
chicagobulls 121 philadelphiaSSers 76 home
milwaukeebucks 98 losangeleslakers 79 away
brooklynnets 101 memphisgrizzlies 94 away
dallasmavericks 105 orlandomagic 99 away
goldenstatewarriors 117 sacramentokings 109 away
atlantahawks 98 clevelandcavaliers 84 home
bostonceltics 84 philadelphiaSSers 80 home
houstonrockets 97 losangelesclippers 92 away
utahjazz 112 minnesotatimberwolves 107 away
neworleanspelicans 105 brooklynnets 91 home
newyorkknicks 112 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
sanantoniospurs 109 denvernuggets 103 home
detroitpistons 115 torontoraptors 93 away
chicagobulls 87 washingtonwizards 80 away
orlandomagic 123 sanantoniospurs 101 home
miamiheat 95 phoenixsuns 83 away
milwaukeebucks 84 sacramentokings 79 away
goldenstatewarriors 109 portlandtrailblazers 102 home
miamiheat 96 losangeleslakers 80 away
newyorkknicks 103 chicagobulls 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 114 denvernuggets 106 home
orlandomagic 86 bostonceltics 78 home
minnesotatimberwolves 98 clevelandcavaliers 97 away
philadelphiaSSers 95 denvernuggets 89 away
chicagobulls 95 detroitpistons 92 away
memphisgrizzlies 104 indianapacers 90 away
losangelesclippers 108 phoenixsuns 103 home
neworleanspelicans 93 atlantahawks 86 home
sanantoniospurs 94 washingtonwizards 80 home
charlottehornets 105 detroitpistons 100 home
goldenstatewarriors 110 philadelphiaSSers 95 home
houstonrockets 100 washingtonwizards 93 home
memphisgrizzlies 96 torontoraptors 85 home
atlantahawks 95 milwaukeebucks 80 away
minnesotatimberwolves 113 neworleanspelicans 98 home
orlandomagic 104 brooklynnets 88 away
dallasmavericks 103 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
losangelesclippers 100 sacramentokings 99 away
portlandtrailblazers 96 utahjazz 91 away
chicagobulls 90 milwaukeebucks 77 home
orlandomagic 110 clevelandcavaliers 95 away
torontoraptors 84 dallasmavericks 76 away
denvernuggets 95 portlandtrailblazers 77 home
bostonceltics 95 indianapacers 83 away
miamiheat 106 newyorkknicks 98 home
sanantoniospurs 97 losangeleslakers 82 home
atlantahawks 103 goldenstatewarriors 93 home
charlottehornets 101 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
detroitpistons 104 bostonceltics 92 home
miamiheat 125 houstonrockets 119 away
utahjazz 103 losangelesclippers 95 away
denvernuggets 119 minnesotatimberwolves 113 away
losangeleslakers 103 neworleanspelicans 88 away
oklahomacitythunder 114 brooklynnets 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 123 phoenixsuns 110 away
sacramentokings 100 memphisgrizzlies 98 home
washingtonwizards 104 indianapacers 90 home
sanantoniospurs 99 dallasmavericks 93 away
orlandomagic 112 newyorkknicks 103 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 utahjazz 89 home
neworleanspelicans 83 bostonceltics 81 away
goldenstatewarriors 96 charlottehornets 95 away
chicagobulls 90 brooklynnets 81 home
houstonrockets 114 torontoraptors 105 home
indianapacers 95 washingtonwizards 86 home
losangeleslakers 102 philadelphiaSSers 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 atlantahawks 94 home
phoenixsuns 92 detroitpistons 75 home
chicagobulls 100 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
denvernuggets 104 sacramentokings 86 home
miamiheat 114 goldenstatewarriors 107 home
milwaukeebucks 99 dallasmavericks 87 home
minnesotatimberwolves 103 brooklynnets 88 home
sanantoniospurs 101 oklahomacitythunder 74 home
utahjazz 98 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
neworleanspelicans 92 washingtonwizards 81 away
dallasmavericks 104 clevelandcavaliers 95 away
atlantahawks 107 losangelesclippers 98 away
memphisgrizzlies 104 losangeleslakers 85 away
newyorkknicks 98 indianapacers 92 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 houstonrockets 85 home
sacramentokings 94 phoenixsuns 89 home
bostonceltics 93 torontoraptors 79 away
bostonceltics 96 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
miamiheat 96 charlottehornets 82 away
denvernuggets 113 houstonrockets 106 home
neworleanspelicans 84 philadelphiaSSers 77 home
orlandomagic 110 goldenstatewarriors 90 home
utahjazz 102 detroitpistons 97 home
chicagobulls 111 torontoraptors 91 home
dallasmavericks 84 portlandtrailblazers 81 home
losangeleslakers 108 detroitpistons 83 home
memphisgrizzlies 110 oklahomacitythunder 105 home
miamiheat 101 milwaukeebucks 89 home
newyorkknicks 128 sanantoniospurs 115 home
atlantahawks 108 sacramentokings 102 away
bostonceltics 105 sanantoniospurs 103 home
torontoraptors 120 clevelandcavaliers 105 away
portlandtrailblazers 103 houstonrockets 100 away
losangelesclippers 106 denvernuggets 93 home
charlottehornets 108 minnesotatimberwolves 105 away
brooklynnets 96 chicagobulls 94 home
goldenstatewarriors 110 neworleanspelicans 103 away
orlandomagic 97 milwaukeebucks 87 home
philadelphiaSSers 109 washingtonwizards 97 home
losangeleslakers 99 phoenixsuns 95 away
atlantahawks 110 utahjazz 87 away
oklahomacitythunder 99 dallasmavericks 95 away
sacramentokings 122 denvernuggets 102 home
bostonceltics 122 torontoraptors 102 home
goldenstatewarriors 116 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
sanantoniospurs 90 indianapacers 87 away
losangeleslakers 101 neworleanspelicans 97 home
memphisgrizzlies 110 utahjazz 99 home
miamiheat 101 milwaukeebucks 95 away
portlandtrailblazers 108 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
orlandomagic 110 houstonrockets 95 home
philadelphiaSSers 105 chicagobulls 99 home
newyorkknicks 121 phoenixsuns 96 away
washingtonwizards 97 brooklynnets 77 home
atlantahawks 108 indianapacers 93 home
charlottehornets 104 washingtonwizards 89 home
chicagobulls 90 bostonceltics 79 home
orlandomagic 117 dallasmavericks 107 away
detroitpistons 112 philadelphiaSSers 109 home
utahjazz 103 houstonrockets 99 away
milwaukeebucks 115 brooklynnets 92 away
oklahomacitythunder 109 memphisgrizzlies 100 home
neworleanspelicans 96 denvernuggets 87 away
losangelesclippers 105 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
losangeleslakers 109 newyorkknicks 87 home
phoenixsuns 108 clevelandcavaliers 100 home
miamiheat 107 portlandtrailblazers 100 away
sanantoniospurs 94 minnesotatimberwolves 91 home
torontoraptors 118 sacramentokings 112 home
houstonrockets 108 bostonceltics 102 away
charlottehornets 96 memphisgrizzlies 82 home
chicagobulls 95 detroitpistons 82 home
denvernuggets 132 phoenixsuns 98 home
losangeleslakers 112 clevelandcavaliers 57 home
sanantoniospurs 107 minnesotatimberwolves 96 away
indianapacers 111 philadelphiaSSers 103 away
newyorkknicks 100 portlandtrailblazers 86 away
washingtonwizards 136 sacramentokings 133 home
neworleanspelicans 92 orlandomagic 89 home
phoenixsuns 118 brooklynnets 109 home
atlantahawks 104 torontoraptors 101 away
utahjazz 131 newyorkknicks 125 home
bostonceltics 119 sacramentokings 95 home
charlottehornets 96 chicagobulls 91 home
memphisgrizzlies 107 detroitpistons 99 away
losangeleslakers 115 goldenstatewarriors 110 away
oklahomacitythunder 118 houstonrockets 112 away
indianapacers 102 dallasmavericks 89 home
losangelesclippers 111 miamiheat 105 home
sanantoniospurs 91 milwaukeebucks 84 away
denvernuggets 130 miamiheat 102 home
minnesotatimberwolves 109 washingtonwizards 97 home
oklahomacitythunder 125 orlandomagic 124 home
bostonceltics 99 charlottehornets 94 home
goldenstatewarriors 122 losangelesclippers 112 home
neworleanspelicans 110 houstonrockets 105 away
chicagobulls 99 indianapacers 86 away
losangeleslakers 100 brooklynnets 88 home
sacramentokings 93 newyorkknicks 83 away
philadelphiaSSers 95 milwaukeebucks 94 home
phoenixsuns 115 portlandtrailblazers 111 home
sanantoniospurs 101 dallasmavericks 89 home
detroitpistons 101 torontoraptors 95 away
utahjazz 121 clevelandcavaliers 99 home
houstonrockets 112 atlantahawks 106 away
neworleanspelicans 88 charlottehornets 81 away
chicagobulls 99 miamiheat 96 home
denvernuggets 127 clevelandcavaliers 99 home
detroitpistons 110 sacramentokings 106 home
memphisgrizzlies 89 dallasmavericks 70 home
orlandomagic 108 minnesotatimberwolves 99 away
portlandtrailblazers 96 brooklynnets 89 home
washingtonwizards 98 torontoraptors 95 home
losangelesclippers 99 losangeleslakers 92 home
sanantoniospurs 110 denvernuggets 97 home
atlantahawks 100 sacramentokings 98 home
bostonceltics 109 orlandomagic 106 home
detroitpistons 103 dallasmavericks 89 home
goldenstatewarriors 109 brooklynnets 100 home
houstonrockets 93 milwaukeebucks 84 home
losangelesclippers 114 indianapacers 107 home
losangeleslakers 101 oklahomacitythunder 94 home
chicagobulls 96 memphisgrizzlies 84 away
neworleanspelicans 85 torontoraptors 81 home
phoenixsuns 129 newyorkknicks 121 away
philadelphiaSSers 96 charlottehornets 92 home
portlandtrailblazers 113 minnesotatimberwolves 102 home
washingtonwizards 108 utahjazz 101 home
charlottehornets 83 chicagobulls 82 away
atlantahawks 93 miamiheat 89 away
bostonceltics 86 detroitpistons 82 home
phoenixsuns 106 clevelandcavaliers 98 away
dallasmavericks 109 losangeleslakers 100 home
denvernuggets 112 oklahomacitythunder 107 home
goldenstatewarriors 110 indianapacers 108 home
houstonrockets 104 newyorkknicks 89 home
losangelesclippers 126 minnesotatimberwolves 111 home
milwaukeebucks 100 washingtonwizards 87 home
brooklynnets 103 utahjazz 95 home
neworleanspelicans 103 memphisgrizzlies 102 home
orlandomagic 99 philadelphiaSSers 98 home
portlandtrailblazers 94 sacramentokings 90 away
sanantoniospurs 104 torontoraptors 95 home
charlottehornets 100 philadelphiaSSers 97 home
chicagobulls 82 dallasmavericks 77 home
portlandtrailblazers 108 losangelesclippers 93 home
neworleanspelicans 100 atlantahawks 59 away
bostonceltics 110 utahjazz 86 home
milwaukeebucks 102 clevelandcavaliers 88 away
losangeleslakers 107 denvernuggets 97 away
goldenstatewarriors 119 sacramentokings 112 home
memphisgrizzlies 115 houstonrockets 110 home
brooklynnets 89 detroitpistons 74 home
orlandomagic 112 torontoraptors 72 home
sanantoniospurs 101 newyorkknicks 92 home
phoenixsuns 109 washingtonwizards 91 away
atlantahawks 103 charlottehornets 87 away
chicagobulls 92 clevelandcavaliers 79 home
detroitpistons 75 phoenixsuns 74 home
orlandomagic 118 houstonrockets 104 away
losangelesclippers 113 goldenstatewarriors 109 home
miamiheat 120 torontoraptors 103 home
memphisgrizzlies 94 milwaukeebucks 81 away
dallasmavericks 87 brooklynnets 86 away
neworleanspelicans 96 sanantoniospurs 72 home
oklahomacitythunder 101 newyorkknicks 98 home
philadelphiaSSers 96 utahjazz 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 97 indianapacers 92 home
washingtonwizards 85 bostonceltics 83 home
denvernuggets 121 indianapacers 107 home
chicagobulls 92 milwaukeebucks 83 home
sanantoniospurs 113 goldenstatewarriors 102 away
houstonrockets 129 minnesotatimberwolves 125 away
brooklynnets 103 clevelandcavaliers 101 home
neworleanspelicans 91 oklahomacitythunder 89 home
newyorkknicks 115 washingtonwizards 106 home
detroitpistons 103 orlandomagic 96 away
philadelphiaSSers 105 phoenixsuns 95 home
sacramentokings 96 portlandtrailblazers 81 away
memphisgrizzlies 100 torontoraptors 98 away
bostonceltics 112 clevelandcavaliers 95 home
dallasmavericks 112 losangelesclippers 105 home
losangeleslakers 120 utahjazz 91 home
charlottehornets 94 sacramentokings 89 away
denvernuggets 120 washingtonwizards 109 away
denvernuggets 109 detroitpistons 100 away
neworleanspelicans 112 goldenstatewarriors 103 away
houstonrockets 96 losangelesclippers 83 home
orlandomagic 111 indianapacers 96 away
milwaukeebucks 98 atlantahawks 90 home
oklahomacitythunder 118 minnesotatimberwolves 117 away
brooklynnets 93 memphisgrizzlies 88 home
charlottehornets 114 phoenixsuns 107 away
philadelphiaSSers 107 torontoraptors 94 away
sanantoniospurs 112 utahjazz 105 away
dallasmavericks 111 houstonrockets 106 home
newyorkknicks 93 miamiheat 88 home
bostonceltics 88 portlandtrailblazers 78 away
atlantahawks 111 newyorkknicks 102 home
chicagobulls 99 orlandomagic 90 home
denvernuggets 117 clevelandcavaliers 103 away
charlottehornets 121 goldenstatewarriors 113 away
indianapacers 124 brooklynnets 92 home
sacramentokings 100 losangeleslakers 95 away
miamiheat 88 detroitpistons 87 home
oklahomacitythunder 124 washingtonwizards 117 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 philadelphiaSSers 94 away
phoenixsuns 88 bostonceltics 71 home
milwaukeebucks 116 torontoraptors 110 away
utahjazz 108 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
chicagobulls 110 indianapacers 89 home
dallasmavericks 102 atlantahawks 91 home
losangelesclippers 103 charlottehornets 88 home
memphisgrizzlies 107 washingtonwizards 93 home
milwaukeebucks 91 brooklynnets 81 home
minnesotatimberwolves 103 torontoraptors 87 home
sacramentokings 102 neworleanspelicans 96 home
sanantoniospurs 108 houstonrockets 95 home
goldenstatewarriors 96 utahjazz 81 home
bostonceltics 109 losangeleslakers 96 away
newyorkknicks 124 detroitpistons 106 home
miamiheat 108 oklahomacitythunder 103 away
orlandomagic 103 clevelandcavaliers 87 home
philadelphiaSSers 110 denvernuggets 99 home
phoenixsuns 104 neworleanspelicans 102 home
dallasmavericks 102 washingtonwizards 92 home
indianapacers 104 torontoraptors 93 home
losangelesclippers 105 milwaukeebucks 98 home
memphisgrizzlies 100 orlandomagic 97 home
miamiheat 117 clevelandcavaliers 90 home
brooklynnets 115 denvernuggets 99 home
utahjazz 83 charlottehornets 78 home
losangeleslakers 114 houstonrockets 106 home
neworleanspelicans 97 washingtonwizards 89 home
portlandtrailblazers 99 sanantoniospurs 86 home
bostonceltics 95 sacramentokings 90 away
atlantahawks 100 torontoraptors 87 home
indianapacers 117 clevelandcavaliers 112 away
denvernuggets 109 portlandtrailblazers 90 home
charlottehornets 97 detroitpistons 87 away
chicagobulls 106 losangelesclippers 88 away
memphisgrizzlies 102 minnesotatimberwolves 84 away
philadelphiaSSers 106 brooklynnets 92 away
dallasmavericks 113 newyorkknicks 97 away
oklahomacitythunder 104 neworleanspelicans 93 home
phoenixsuns 92 milwaukeebucks 77 home
houstonrockets 97 utahjazz 96 away
goldenstatewarriors 100 milwaukeebucks 94 home
sanantoniospurs 89 losangeleslakers 88 away
miamiheat 104 orlandomagic 100 away
atlantahawks 101 losangelesclippers 100 home
dallasmavericks 101 bostonceltics 97 away
miamiheat 109 charlottehornets 97 away
utahjazz 113 denvernuggets 106 away
detroitpistons 92 brooklynnets 82 home
indianapacers 100 portlandtrailblazers 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 112 clevelandcavaliers 105 home
philadelphiaSSers 100 newyorkknicks 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 111 phoenixsuns 107 away
sanantoniospurs 113 sacramentokings 100 away
torontoraptors 111 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
orlandomagic 110 washingtonwizards 92 away
dallasmavericks 101 charlottehornets 92 away
portlandtrailblazers 111 clevelandcavaliers 105 away
goldenstatewarriors 101 chicagobulls 90 home
houstonrockets 95 memphisgrizzlies 93 home
detroitpistons 89 milwaukeebucks 78 away
denvernuggets 113 minnesotatimberwolves 100 away
losangeleslakers 101 neworleanspelicans 95 away
oklahomacitythunder 121 utahjazz 105 away
atlantahawks 99 washingtonwizards 92 away
bostonceltics 91 orlandomagic 80 home
miamiheat 97 losangelesclippers 79 home
indianapacers 105 brooklynnets 86 away
newyorkknicks 117 philadelphiaSSers 103 home
charlottehornets 94 bostonceltics 89 home
dallasmavericks 99 clevelandcavaliers 96 home
houstonrockets 108 denvernuggets 103 away
phoenixsuns 104 goldenstatewarriors 92 away
losangeleslakers 93 memphisgrizzlies 84 away
minnesotatimberwolves 104 neworleanspelicans 92 away
portlandtrailblazers 109 chicagobulls 103 home
utahjazz 107 sacramentokings 104 away
philadelphiaSSers 117 atlantahawks 83 away
sanantoniospurs 100 detroitpistons 89 away
minnesotatimberwolves 112 houstonrockets 108 away
miamiheat 117 indianapacers 112 home
milwaukeebucks 92 torontoraptors 74 home
memphisgrizzlies 105 oklahomacitythunder 101 away
orlandomagic 101 losangelesclippers 85 home
detroitpistons 103 clevelandcavaliers 94 away
goldenstatewarriors 116 denvernuggets 114 home
indianapacers 104 charlottehornets 103 home
brooklynnets 103 neworleanspelicans 101 home
losangelesclippers 116 newyorkknicks 108 away
orlandomagic 99 philadelphiaSSers 95 away
dallasmavericks 102 sacramentokings 100 away
sanantoniospurs 111 torontoraptors 100 away
chicagobulls 91 utahjazz 86 away
washingtonwizards 100 milwaukeebucks 85 home
losangeleslakers 92 bostonceltics 86 away
denvernuggets 121 dallasmavericks 120 home
phoenixsuns 112 goldenstatewarriors 88 home
brooklynnets 94 charlottehornets 89 away
clevelandcavaliers 126 losangelesclippers 119 home
miamiheat 106 detroitpistons 92 away
indianapacers 116 minnesotatimberwolves 105 home
memphisgrizzlies 89 milwaukeebucks 86 home
losangeleslakers 113 newyorkknicks 96 away
neworleanspelicans 99 orlandomagic 93 away
philadelphiaSSers 77 sanantoniospurs 71 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 torontoraptors 96 away
phoenixsuns 95 utahjazz 83 away
charlottehornets 88 atlantahawks 86 away
dallasmavericks 106 houstonrockets 102 away
indianapacers 103 milwaukeebucks 97 away
philadelphiaSSers 107 minnesotatimberwolves 87 away
newyorkknicks 105 brooklynnets 95 away
chicagobulls 97 neworleanspelicans 88 away
oklahomacitythunder 99 sacramentokings 97 away
sanantoniospurs 118 washingtonwizards 94 away
bostonceltics 85 miamiheat 82 home
washingtonwizards 115 clevelandcavaliers 100 away
portlandtrailblazers 105 detroitpistons 100 away
goldenstatewarriors 100 oklahomacitythunder 94 home
memphisgrizzlies 116 denvernuggets 108 home
orlandomagic 89 losangeleslakers 75 home
sacramentokings 113 phoenixsuns 108 away
torontoraptors 98 losangelesclippers 93 home
charlottehornets 109 losangeleslakers 89 home
atlantahawks 94 detroitpistons 79 away
houstonrockets 121 denvernuggets 102 home
milwaukeebucks 102 losangelesclippers 78 home
portlandtrailblazers 95 minnesotatimberwolves 81 away
sanantoniospurs 102 brooklynnets 85 away
chicagobulls 106 charlottehornets 94 home
goldenstatewarriors 102 neworleanspelicans 89 home
miamiheat 110 indianapacers 103 away
memphisgrizzlies 102 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 126 sacramentokings 96 home
phoenixsuns 102 utahjazz 101 home
clevelandcavaliers 104 losangeleslakers 99 home
dallasmavericks 116 sacramentokings 100 home
detroitpistons 115 indianapacers 109 home
philadelphiaSSers 114 houstonrockets 105 away
denvernuggets 94 milwaukeebucks 87 away
losangelesclippers 98 minnesotatimberwolves 90 away
newyorkknicks 102 atlantahawks 90 home
orlandomagic 101 washingtonwizards 76 home
portlandtrailblazers 103 neworleanspelicans 96 home
miamiheat 103 torontoraptors 95 away
goldenstatewarriors 107 utahjazz 100 away
bostonceltics 94 brooklynnets 80 home
chicagobulls 109 sanantoniospurs 99 home
dallasmavericks 112 phoenixsuns 106 away
charlottehornets 114 torontoraptors 101 home
denvernuggets 120 memphisgrizzlies 107 home
houstonrockets 108 detroitpistons 100 away
bostonceltics 115 goldenstatewarriors 93 away
losangeleslakers 104 atlantahawks 80 home
miamiheat 117 sacramentokings 97 home
milwaukeebucks 94 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 111 losangelesclippers 88 home
indianapacers 113 washingtonwizards 96 away
houstonrockets 124 clevelandcavaliers 119 away
dallasmavericks 118 utahjazz 99 home
indianapacers 102 detroitpistons 101 home
memphisgrizzlies 104 minnesotatimberwolves 95 away
neworleanspelicans 98 losangelesclippers 87 home
newyorkknicks 114 milwaukeebucks 108 home
sacramentokings 111 orlandomagic 105 away
philadelphiaSSers 117 washingtonwizards 94 home
phoenixsuns 105 atlantahawks 97 home
losangeleslakers 106 portlandtrailblazers 101 away
sanantoniospurs 109 oklahomacitythunder 105 home
torontoraptors 118 chicagobulls 113 home
chicagobulls 93 miamiheat 89 home
denvernuggets 89 bostonceltics 75 home
charlottehornets 110 sacramentokings 98 home
clevelandcavaliers 115 newyorkknicks 109 home
atlantahawks 95 goldenstatewarriors 79 away
utahjazz 95 indianapacers 84 away
losangeleslakers 108 losangelesclippers 95 home
miamiheat 121 washingtonwizards 113 home
neworleanspelicans 95 minnesotatimberwolves 81 away
orlandomagic 111 oklahomacitythunder 88 home
philadelphiaSSers 110 detroitpistons 94 home
portlandtrailblazers 107 denvernuggets 106 home
sanantoniospurs 106 brooklynnets 96 home
phoenixsuns 110 torontoraptors 92 away
detroitpistons 120 utahjazz 116 home
houstonrockets 123 brooklynnets 108 home
bostonceltics 99 losangelesclippers 92 away
memphisgrizzlies 120 sacramentokings 92 home
chicagobulls 83 milwaukeebucks 75 away
dallasmavericks 105 washingtonwizards 99 away
philadelphiaSSers 95 clevelandcavaliers 91 away
phoenixsuns 110 indianapacers 108 away
newyorkknicks 91 miamiheat 86 away
minnesotatimberwolves 126 goldenstatewarriors 123 home
houstonrockets 91 neworleanspelicans 89 away
losangeleslakers 90 oklahomacitythunder 87 away
orlandomagic 100 charlottehornets 86 home
atlantahawks 90 portlandtrailblazers 83 away
sanantoniospurs 95 memphisgrizzlies 88 home
dallasmavericks 114 torontoraptors 96 away
denvernuggets 100 atlantahawks 90 home
phoenixsuns 104 brooklynnets 103 away
sacramentokings 105 losangelesclippers 99 home
bostonceltics 107 utahjazz 102 away
chicagobulls 105 washingtonwizards 77 away
indianapacers 109 goldenstatewarriors 100 home
memphisgrizzlies 109 sanantoniospurs 93 home
milwaukeebucks 92 detroitpistons 90 home
losangeleslakers 90 minnesotatimberwolves 79 away
orlandomagic 116 newyorkknicks 110 home
dallasmavericks 101 philadelphiaSSers 93 away
houstonrockets 103 portlandtrailblazers 87 away
torontoraptors 96 neworleanspelicans 90 home
atlantahawks 83 chicagobulls 80 home
bostonceltics 115 phoenixsuns 103 home
sanantoniospurs 109 clevelandcavaliers 99 away
denvernuggets 120 charlottehornets 80 home
minnesotatimberwolves 116 detroitpistons 105 away
losangelesclippers 106 houstonrockets 103 home
newyorkknicks 107 neworleanspelicans 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 113 indianapacers 89 home
portlandtrailblazers 107 sacramentokings 102 away
goldenstatewarriors 106 washingtonwizards 102 away
orlandomagic 99 miamiheat 96 away
denvernuggets 103 utahjazz 101 away
oklahomacitythunder 111 atlantahawks 104 away
bostonceltics 107 goldenstatewarriors 103 home
dallasmavericks 116 indianapacers 108 home
losangeleslakers 92 charlottehornets 84 home
neworleanspelicans 98 memphisgrizzlies 91 away
phoenixsuns 102 milwaukeebucks 88 away
brooklynnets 116 torontoraptors 103 home
clevelandcavaliers 119 newyorkknicks 115 away
chicagobulls 89 orlandomagic 81 away
philadelphiaSSers 111 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
sanantoniospurs 125 miamiheat 95 home
houstonrockets 112 indianapacers 95 home
losangelesclippers 100 denvernuggets 94 home
brooklynnets 137 torontoraptors 136 home
portlandtrailblazers 93 charlottehornets 69 home
utahjazz 109 sacramentokings 102 home
washingtonwizards 103 minnesotatimberwolves 96 home
newyorkknicks 92 atlantahawks 79 away
neworleanspelicans 96 clevelandcavaliers 81 away
memphisgrizzlies 104 dallasmavericks 103 away
detroitpistons 113 washingtonwizards 102 home
chicagobulls 87 miamiheat 86 away
bostonceltics 89 milwaukeebucks 83 away
oklahomacitythunder 122 phoenixsuns 118 home
philadelphiaSSers 125 goldenstatewarriors 117 home
losangeleslakers 99 sanantoniospurs 83 away
losangelesclippers 92 charlottehornets 87 away
chicagobulls 85 neworleanspelicans 77 home
memphisgrizzlies 107 oklahomacitythunder 101 home
dallasmavericks 108 minnesotatimberwolves 105 away
newyorkknicks 131 utahjazz 109 home
portlandtrailblazers 89 orlandomagic 85 away
houstonrockets 123 sacramentokings 101 away
losangeleslakers 101 atlantahawks 87 away
goldenstatewarriors 95 clevelandcavaliers 85 away
philadelphiaSSers 110 indianapacers 100 away
portlandtrailblazers 105 miamiheat 96 away
phoenixsuns 113 houstonrockets 110 home
milwaukeebucks 95 washingtonwizards 76 away
losangelesclippers 108 bostonceltics 103 away
chicagobulls 101 charlottehornets 84 away
newyorkknicks 110 memphisgrizzlies 108 away
milwaukeebucks 110 clevelandcavaliers 90 home
minnesotatimberwolves 101 indianapacers 75 home
brooklynnets 94 goldenstatewarriors 90 home
neworleanspelicans 93 dallasmavericks 92 home
oklahomacitythunder 110 philadelphiaSSers 105 away
orlandomagic 106 sacramentokings 102 away
sanantoniospurs 111 detroitpistons 104 home
utahjazz 96 torontoraptors 94 away
dallasmavericks 127 newyorkknicks 109 home
miamiheat 94 losangeleslakers 88 home
denvernuggets 116 phoenixsuns 97 away
charlottehornets 97 portlandtrailblazers 92 home
chicagobulls 94 atlantahawks 76 home
goldenstatewarriors 123 orlandomagic 120 home
minnesotatimberwolves 122 utahjazz 101 home
brooklynnets 102 losangelesclippers 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 detroitpistons 94 home
philadelphiaSSers 89 bostonceltics 86 home
sanantoniospurs 108 sacramentokings 103 home
torontoraptors 108 indianapacers 98 home
atlantahawks 91 portlandtrailblazers 82 home
chicagobulls 118 utahjazz 100 home
losangeleslakers 96 dallasmavericks 91 away
denvernuggets 131 detroitpistons 101 home
sanantoniospurs 115 houstonrockets 107 away
miamiheat 118 memphisgrizzlies 85 home
milwaukeebucks 102 philadelphiaSSers 74 home
neworleanspelicans 115 sacramentokings 103 home
losangelesclippers 122 washingtonwizards 101 away
bostonceltics 87 milwaukeebucks 56 home
oklahomacitythunder 95 clevelandcavaliers 75 away
goldenstatewarriors 100 minnesotatimberwolves 77 home
indianapacers 106 newyorkknicks 93 away
orlandomagic 111 phoenixsuns 88 away
charlottehornets 95 torontoraptors 90 away
houstonrockets 95 phoenixsuns 93 home
losangeleslakers 97 orlandomagic 84 home
memphisgrizzlies 105 losangelesclippers 82 home
miamiheat 110 sanantoniospurs 80 home
brooklynnets 88 bostonceltics 79 home
denvernuggets 114 neworleanspelicans 103 away
sacramentokings 129 goldenstatewarriors 119 home
utahjazz 112 philadelphiaSSers 107 home
oklahomacitythunder 116 washingtonwizards 89 away
chicagobulls 98 washingtonwizards 79 home
indianapacers 119 newyorkknicks 117 home
portlandtrailblazers 104 dallasmavericks 101 home
atlantahawks 110 milwaukeebucks 85 home
denvernuggets 102 atlantahawks 87 away
bostonceltics 92 indianapacers 80 home
detroitpistons 107 torontoraptors 93 home
dallasmavericks 112 goldenstatewarriors 106 away
houstonrockets 94 charlottehornets 78 home
philadelphiaSSers 104 losangelesclippers 94 away
oklahomacitythunder 96 miamiheat 85 away
orlandomagic 93 milwaukeebucks 89 away
neworleanspelicans 100 phoenixsuns 95 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 sacramentokings 93 away
utahjazz 119 minnesotatimberwolves 104 home
chicagobulls 84 brooklynnets 73 away
newyorkknicks 120 memphisgrizzlies 99 home
portlandtrailblazers 111 clevelandcavaliers 70 home
miamiheat 106 atlantahawks 85 away
sanantoniospurs 97 dallasmavericks 91 away
detroitpistons 99 newyorkknicks 95 home
houstonrockets 93 bostonceltics 77 home
indianapacers 115 chicagobulls 108 home
losangeleslakers 106 minnesotatimberwolves 98 home
milwaukeebucks 110 brooklynnets 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 99 charlottehornets 82 home
orlandomagic 85 denvernuggets 82 home
phoenixsuns 108 goldenstatewarriors 97 home
philadelphiaSSers 102 sacramentokings 80 away
torontoraptors 116 washingtonwizards 107 home
losangelesclippers 100 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 indianapacers 78 home
miamiheat 103 denvernuggets 98 home
bostonceltics 89 neworleanspelicans 85 away
portlandtrailblazers 110 philadelphiaSSers 101 home
sanantoniospurs 109 charlottehornets 98 home
atlantahawks 104 detroitpistons 96 home
dallasmavericks 101 goldenstatewarriors 73 home
houstonrockets 110 utahjazz 108 home
phoenixsuns 108 losangelesclippers 99 away
losangeleslakers 84 portlandtrailblazers 80 home
milwaukeebucks 100 newyorkknicks 95 home
sacramentokings 127 minnesotatimberwolves 95 away
torontoraptors 95 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
washingtonwizards 98 brooklynnets 92 home
chicagobulls 132 sacramentokings 92 home
orlandomagic 97 clevelandcavaliers 86 away
denvernuggets 123 torontoraptors 90 home
memphisgrizzlies 103 utahjazz 85 home
indianapacers 102 brooklynnets 98 away
bostonceltics 96 newyorkknicks 86 away
sanantoniospurs 111 goldenstatewarriors 96 home
chicagobulls 114 atlantahawks 81 away
losangeleslakers 139 phoenixsuns 137 home
portlandtrailblazers 111 washingtonwizards 76 home
memphisgrizzlies 90 bostonceltics 87 away
indianapacers 111 charlottehornets 88 away
brooklynnets 98 clevelandcavaliers 94 away
denvernuggets 115 sanantoniospurs 112 home
miamiheat 100 detroitpistons 94 away
houstonrockets 131 goldenstatewarriors 112 home
losangelesclippers 127 washingtonwizards 119 home
sacramentokings 97 milwaukeebucks 90 away
orlandomagic 111 newyorkknicks 99 away
oklahomacitythunder 106 utahjazz 94 home
philadelphiaSSers 105 atlantahawks 100 home
phoenixsuns 114 torontoraptors 106 home
dallasmavericks 104 minnesotatimberwolves 96 home
neworleanspelicans 121 utahjazz 117 away
charlottehornets 83 bostonceltics 81 away
chicagobulls 99 memphisgrizzlies 96 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 detroitpistons 91 home
denvernuggets 114 washingtonwizards 94 home
goldenstatewarriors 138 torontoraptors 100 home
sacramentokings 110 indianapacers 93 away
losangeleslakers 112 losangelesclippers 104 home
miamiheat 111 philadelphiaSSers 99 home
milwaukeebucks 102 newyorkknicks 96 away
oklahomacitythunder 111 minnesotatimberwolves 103 home
orlandomagic 95 brooklynnets 85 home
neworleanspelicans 106 phoenixsuns 100 away
portlandtrailblazers 98 sanantoniospurs 96 home
atlantahawks 98 brooklynnets 87 home
charlottehornets 114 newyorkknicks 106 home
detroitpistons 100 indianapacers 88 home
losangelesclippers 94 torontoraptors 90 home
chicagobulls 95 milwaukeebucks 87 away
dallasmavericks 94 utahjazz 77 away
atlantahawks 99 clevelandcavaliers 83 away
goldenstatewarriors 114 washingtonwizards 104 home
losangeleslakers 102 neworleanspelicans 84 home
memphisgrizzlies 111 sanantoniospurs 104 home
miamiheat 125 houstonrockets 119 home
bostonceltics 85 minnesotatimberwolves 82 away
oklahomacitythunder 99 portlandtrailblazers 90 home
sacramentokings 114 philadelphiaSSers 111 away
dallasmavericks 91 phoenixsuns 83 away
charlottehornets 87 milwaukeebucks 86 home
philadelphiaSSers 97 chicagobulls 85 away
indianapacers 107 bostonceltics 100 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 sanantoniospurs 92 away
washingtonwizards 100 utahjazz 95 away
newyorkknicks 113 orlandomagic 106 home
clevelandcavaliers 102 miamiheat 90 home
houstonrockets 112 brooklynnets 87 away
oklahomacitythunder 115 goldenstatewarriors 114 home
sacramentokings 116 phoenixsuns 113 home
atlantahawks 85 orlandomagic 82 home
charlottehornets 98 clevelandcavaliers 97 home
denvernuggets 104 sacramentokings 90 home
indianapacers 111 detroitpistons 101 home
dallasmavericks 106 losangelesclippers 100 away
memphisgrizzlies 110 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
chicagobulls 108 minnesotatimberwolves 91 away
neworleanspelicans 95 portlandtrailblazers 91 home
newyorkknicks 120 brooklynnets 116 home
philadelphiaSSers 108 houstonrockets 97 home
oklahomacitythunder 116 phoenixsuns 98 away
milwaukeebucks 104 torontoraptors 98 away
miamiheat 123 washingtonwizards 107 away
losangeleslakers 110 dallasmavericks 82 home
bostonceltics 107 sanantoniospurs 97 away
atlantahawks 88 bostonceltics 83 home
chicagobulls 101 detroitpistons 96 away
houstonrockets 119 sanantoniospurs 114 home
indianapacers 89 milwaukeebucks 88 home
miamiheat 111 minnesotatimberwolves 92 away
memphisgrizzlies 93 neworleanspelicans 81 away
orlandomagic 89 charlottehornets 77 home
philadelphiaSSers 115 brooklynnets 90 home
phoenixsuns 111 losangelesclippers 98 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 oklahomacitythunder 91 home
denvernuggets 99 sacramentokings 90 away
losangeleslakers 96 utahjazz 85 away
washingtonwizards 115 clevelandcavaliers 107 home
chicagobulls 113 torontoraptors 106 home
goldenstatewarriors 99 dallasmavericks 92 home
losangelesclippers 98 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 106 minnesotatimberwolves 89 home
milwaukeebucks 93 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
bostonceltics 101 detroitpistons 90 home
washingtonwizards 97 charlottehornets 91 away
houstonrockets 114 atlantahawks 109 home
denvernuggets 95 losangeleslakers 90 away
miamiheat 108 brooklynnets 94 away
neworleanspelicans 108 indianapacers 96 home
newyorkknicks 123 clevelandcavaliers 107 home
portlandtrailblazers 104 dallasmavericks 96 home
sacramentokings 106 utahjazz 97 home
sanantoniospurs 114 phoenixsuns 97 home
torontoraptors 102 orlandomagic 98 home
sanantoniospurs 97 atlantahawks 90 away
bostonceltics 99 philadelphiaSSers 82 home
chicagobulls 97 phoenixsuns 94 home
clevelandcavaliers 99 charlottehornets 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 101 denvernuggets 94 away
sacramentokings 104 houstonrockets 101 away
utahjazz 86 losangeleslakers 85 away
losangelesclippers 82 memphisgrizzlies 81 away
brooklynnets 107 minnesotatimberwolves 105 home
newyorkknicks 131 torontoraptors 118 home
orlandomagic 78 milwaukeebucks 72 home
goldenstatewarriors 108 portlandtrailblazers 87 away
washingtonwizards 107 detroitpistons 105 home
orlandomagic 111 charlottehornets 102 away
denvernuggets 104 dallasmavericks 96 away
detroitpistons 116 brooklynnets 109 home
goldenstatewarriors 95 losangeleslakers 87 home
indianapacers 136 washingtonwizards 112 home
milwaukeebucks 90 miamiheat 85 away
phoenixsuns 108 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
neworleanspelicans 101 houstonrockets 93 home
oklahomacitythunder 112 losangelesclippers 108 home
newyorkknicks 97 philadelphiaSSers 92 away
sanantoniospurs 124 sacramentokings 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 104 torontoraptors 96 away
chicagobulls 97 bostonceltics 81 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 utahjazz 87 away
bostonceltics 104 washingtonwizards 88 home
chicagobulls 93 clevelandcavaliers 82 away
dallasmavericks 107 losangelesclippers 96 home
detroitpistons 110 milwaukeebucks 100 home
indianapacers 114 atlantahawks 102 home
memphisgrizzlies 101 sacramentokings 96 home
miamiheat 112 charlottehornets 103 home
newyorkknicks 116 brooklynnets 93 away
neworleanspelicans 109 phoenixsuns 97 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 denvernuggets 89 home
philadelphiaSSers 98 torontoraptors 93 home
portlandtrailblazers 93 losangeleslakers 86 home
denvernuggets 130 minnesotatimberwolves 106 home
houstonrockets 99 losangelesclippers 78 home
milwaukeebucks 108 clevelandcavaliers 101 home
sanantoniospurs 111 utahjazz 102 home
washingtonwizards 115 atlantahawks 83 home
detroitpistons 112 charlottehornets 101 away
dallasmavericks 115 phoenixsuns 90 home
sacramentokings 104 goldenstatewarriors 103 away
newyorkknicks 110 indianapacers 109 away
oklahomacitythunder 120 losangeleslakers 106 away
memphisgrizzlies 111 neworleanspelicans 89 home
miamiheat 100 bostonceltics 77 home
chicagobulls 102 orlandomagic 99 away
torontoraptors 99 brooklynnets 92 home
miamiheat 98 atlantahawks 90 away
denvernuggets 134 goldenstatewarriors 111 home
clevelandcavaliers 110 detroitpistons 101 away
dallasmavericks 98 houstonrockets 91 away
milwaukeebucks 93 torontoraptors 86 home
charlottehornets 105 brooklynnets 103 away
utahjazz 90 neworleanspelicans 78 away
orlandomagic 95 philadelphiaSSers 85 away
phoenixsuns 135 minnesotatimberwolves 127 home
oklahomacitythunder 120 sacramentokings 112 away
washingtonwizards 95 bostonceltics 94 home
losangeleslakers 102 sanantoniospurs 93 home
chicagobulls 103 newyorkknicks 90 away
portlandtrailblazers 102 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
bostonceltics 112 newyorkknicks 102 home
charlottehornets 96 atlantahawks 85 home
chicagobulls 97 brooklynnets 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 100 washingtonwizards 93 home
dallasmavericks 121 neworleanspelicans 89 home
goldenstatewarriors 110 portlandtrailblazers 86 home
losangelesclippers 110 memphisgrizzlies 103 home
houstonrockets 121 minnesotatimberwolves 102 away
milwaukeebucks 110 oklahomacitythunder 106 away
orlandomagic 92 indianapacers 74 home
detroitpistons 104 philadelphiaSSers 100 away
phoenixsuns 106 sanantoniospurs 103 home
losangeleslakers 116 sacramentokings 108 away
miamiheat 97 torontoraptors 79 away
utahjazz 107 denvernuggets 103 home
playoffs
chicagobulls 104 indianapacers 99 home
miamiheat 97 philadelphiaSSers 89 home
atlantahawks 103 orlandomagic 93 away
dallasmavericks 89 portlandtrailblazers 81 home
memphisgrizzlies 101 sanantoniospurs 98 away
neworleanspelicans 109 losangeleslakers 100 away
bostonceltics 87 newyorkknicks 85 home
oklahomacitythunder 107 denvernuggets 103 home
miamiheat 94 philadelphiaSSers 73 home
chicagobulls 96 indianapacers 90 home
bostonceltics 96 newyorkknicks 93 home
orlandomagic 88 atlantahawks 82 home
dallasmavericks 101 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 denvernuggets 89 home
sanantoniospurs 93 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
losangeleslakers 87 neworleanspelicans 78 home
chicagobulls 88 indianapacers 84 away
miamiheat 100 philadelphiaSSers 94 away
portlandtrailblazers 97 dallasmavericks 92 home
bostonceltics 113 newyorkknicks 96 away
atlantahawks 88 orlandomagic 84 home
losangeleslakers 100 neworleanspelicans 86 away
indianapacers 89 chicagobulls 84 home
portlandtrailblazers 84 dallasmavericks 82 home
memphisgrizzlies 91 sanantoniospurs 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 97 denvernuggets 94 away
philadelphiaSSers 86 miamiheat 82 home
bostonceltics 101 newyorkknicks 89 away
atlantahawks 88 orlandomagic 85 home
neworleanspelicans 93 losangeleslakers 88 home
denvernuggets 104 oklahomacitythunder 101 home
memphisgrizzlies 104 sanantoniospurs 86 home
dallasmavericks 93 portlandtrailblazers 82 home
chicagobulls 116 indianapacers 89 home
orlandomagic 101 atlantahawks 76 home
losangeleslakers 106 neworleanspelicans 90 home
sanantoniospurs 110 memphisgrizzlies 103 home
miamiheat 97 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 100 denvernuggets 97 home
losangeleslakers 98 neworleanspelicans 80 away
atlantahawks 84 orlandomagic 81 home
dallasmavericks 103 portlandtrailblazers 96 away
memphisgrizzlies 99 sanantoniospurs 91 home
memphisgrizzlies 114 oklahomacitythunder 101 away
miamiheat 99 bostonceltics 90 home
atlantahawks 103 chicagobulls 95 away
dallasmavericks 96 losangeleslakers 94 away
miamiheat 102 bostonceltics 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 111 memphisgrizzlies 102 home
dallasmavericks 93 losangeleslakers 81 away
chicagobulls 86 atlantahawks 73 home
chicagobulls 99 atlantahawks 82 away
dallasmavericks 98 losangeleslakers 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 101 oklahomacitythunder 93 home
bostonceltics 97 miamiheat 81 home
dallasmavericks 122 losangeleslakers 86 home
atlantahawks 100 chicagobulls 88 home
miamiheat 98 bostonceltics 90 away
oklahomacitythunder 133 memphisgrizzlies 123 away
chicagobulls 95 atlantahawks 83 home
oklahomacitythunder 99 memphisgrizzlies 72 home
miamiheat 97 bostonceltics 87 home
chicagobulls 93 atlantahawks 73 away
memphisgrizzlies 95 oklahomacitythunder 83 home
oklahomacitythunder 105 memphisgrizzlies 90 home
chicagobulls 103 miamiheat 82 home
dallasmavericks 121 oklahomacitythunder 112 home
miamiheat 85 chicagobulls 75 away
oklahomacitythunder 106 dallasmavericks 100 away
dallasmavericks 93 oklahomacitythunder 87 away
miamiheat 96 chicagobulls 85 home
dallasmavericks 112 oklahomacitythunder 105 away
miamiheat 101 chicagobulls 93 home
dallasmavericks 100 oklahomacitythunder 96 home
miamiheat 83 chicagobulls 80 away
miamiheat 92 dallasmavericks 84 home
dallasmavericks 95 miamiheat 93 away
miamiheat 88 dallasmavericks 86 away
dallasmavericks 86 miamiheat 83 home
dallasmavericks 112 miamiheat 103 home
dallasmavericks 105 miamiheat 95 away
yearEnd
newyorkknicks 106 bostonceltics 104 home
losangelesclippers 105 goldenstatewarriors 86 away
chicagobulls 88 losangeleslakers 87 away
miamiheat 105 dallasmavericks 94 away
oklahomacitythunder 97 orlandomagic 89 home
denvernuggets 115 dallasmavericks 93 away
charlottehornets 96 milwaukeebucks 95 home
brooklynnets 90 washingtonwizards 84 away
neworleanspelicans 85 phoenixsuns 84 away
torontoraptors 104 clevelandcavaliers 96 away
indianapacers 91 detroitpistons 79 home
sacramentokings 100 losangeleslakers 91 home
sanantoniospurs 95 memphisgrizzlies 82 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 minnesotatimberwolves 100 away
goldenstatewarriors 99 chicagobulls 91 home
orlandomagic 104 houstonrockets 95 home
portlandtrailblazers 107 philadelphiaSSers 103 home
atlantahawks 106 brooklynnets 70 away
miamiheat 115 bostonceltics 107 home
portlandtrailblazers 101 sacramentokings 79 home
losangeleslakers 96 utahjazz 71 home
milwaukeebucks 98 minnesotatimberwolves 95 home
indianapacers 90 torontoraptors 85 away
sanantoniospurs 115 losangelesclippers 90 home
oklahomacitythunder 98 memphisgrizzlies 95 away
clevelandcavaliers 105 detroitpistons 89 away
miamiheat 96 charlottehornets 95 away
denvernuggets 117 utahjazz 100 home
atlantahawks 101 washingtonwizards 83 home
neworleanspelicans 97 bostonceltics 78 home
goldenstatewarriors 92 newyorkknicks 78 home
philadelphiaSSers 103 phoenixsuns 83 away
oklahomacitythunder 104 dallasmavericks 102 home
orlandomagic 94 brooklynnets 78 home
portlandtrailblazers 111 denvernuggets 102 home
houstonrockets 105 sanantoniospurs 85 home
chicagobulls 108 sacramentokings 98 away
losangeleslakers 99 newyorkknicks 82 home
bostonceltics 96 detroitpistons 85 home
atlantahawks 105 brooklynnets 98 home
phoenixsuns 93 neworleanspelicans 78 away
milwaukeebucks 102 washingtonwizards 81 home
indianapacers 98 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
memphisgrizzlies 113 houstonrockets 93 home
orlandomagic 100 charlottehornets 79 away
chicagobulls 114 losangelesclippers 101 away
miamiheat 103 minnesotatimberwolves 101 away
utahjazz 102 philadelphiaSSers 99 home
dallasmavericks 99 torontoraptors 86 home
losangeleslakers 92 denvernuggets 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 107 phoenixsuns 97 home
sanantoniospurs 104 utahjazz 89 home
detroitpistons 96 indianapacers 88 home
houstonrockets 95 atlantahawks 84 home
newyorkknicks 114 sacramentokings 92 away
philadelphiaSSers 107 goldenstatewarriors 79 away
bostonceltics 94 washingtonwizards 86 away
minnesotatimberwolves 99 dallasmavericks 82 home
denvernuggets 99 losangeleslakers 90 home
clevelandcavaliers 98 brooklynnets 82 home
sacramentokings 96 neworleanspelicans 80 home
losangelesclippers 93 portlandtrailblazers 88 home
orlandomagic 102 torontoraptors 96 home
miamiheat 129 charlottehornets 90 home
chicagobulls 104 memphisgrizzlies 64 home
indianapacers 108 brooklynnets 94 away
utahjazz 94 neworleanspelicans 90 home
dallasmavericks 100 oklahomacitythunder 87 home
detroitpistons 89 orlandomagic 78 home
minnesotatimberwolves 106 sanantoniospurs 96 home
bostonceltics 100 washingtonwizards 92 home
atlantahawks 100 miamiheat 92 away
phoenixsuns 102 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
torontoraptors 90 newyorkknicks 85 away
denvernuggets 91 milwaukeebucks 86 home
chicagobulls 76 atlantahawks 74 home
clevelandcavaliers 115 charlottehornets 101 home
losangeleslakers 108 houstonrockets 99 home
memphisgrizzlies 113 sacramentokings 96 home
portlandtrailblazers 103 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
utahjazz 85 milwaukeebucks 73 home
charlottehornets 118 newyorkknicks 110 away
torontoraptors 92 clevelandcavaliers 77 home
sanantoniospurs 101 goldenstatewarriors 95 home
losangelesclippers 117 houstonrockets 89 home
miamiheat 118 indianapacers 83 home
memphisgrizzlies 90 minnesotatimberwolves 86 away
dallasmavericks 98 phoenixsuns 89 home
denvernuggets 110 sacramentokings 83 home
chicagobulls 99 detroitpistons 83 away
bostonceltics 89 brooklynnets 70 home
orlandomagic 103 washingtonwizards 85 home
philadelphiaSSers 101 neworleanspelicans 93 away
portlandtrailblazers 107 losangeleslakers 96 home
sanantoniospurs 93 dallasmavericks 71 home
miamiheat 116 atlantahawks 109 away
sacramentokings 103 milwaukeebucks 100 home
chicagobulls 97 orlandomagic 83 away
denvernuggets 96 neworleanspelicans 88 away
philadelphiaSSers 96 detroitpistons 73 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 houstonrockets 94 home
indianapacers 87 bostonceltics 74 away
utahjazz 94 memphisgrizzlies 85 home
newyorkknicks 99 washingtonwizards 96 away
phoenixsuns 102 portlandtrailblazers 77 home
atlantahawks 102 charlottehornets 96 away
losangeleslakers 97 goldenstatewarriors 90 home
brooklynnets 97 torontoraptors 85 away
clevelandcavaliers 98 minnesotatimberwolves 87 away
indianapacers 99 charlottehornets 77 home
atlantahawks 109 chicagobulls 94 home
sanantoniospurs 121 denvernuggets 117 home
miamiheat 101 brooklynnets 90 away
newyorkknicks 103 detroitpistons 80 away
oklahomacitythunder 98 houstonrockets 95 away
utahjazz 88 goldenstatewarriors 87 away
dallasmavericks 96 neworleanspelicans 81 home
philadelphiaSSers 97 torontoraptors 62 home
losangelesclippers 92 milwaukeebucks 86 home
losangeleslakers 90 memphisgrizzlies 82 home
oklahomacitythunder 108 sanantoniospurs 96 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 clevelandcavaliers 78 home
phoenixsuns 109 milwaukeebucks 93 home
minnesotatimberwolves 93 washingtonwizards 72 away
orlandomagic 104 sacramentokings 97 away
atlantahawks 106 brooklynnets 101 away
newyorkknicks 91 charlottehornets 87 home
philadelphiaSSers 96 indianapacers 86 home
neworleanspelicans 94 denvernuggets 81 away
chicagobulls 92 detroitpistons 68 home
torontoraptors 97 minnesotatimberwolves 87 home
portlandtrailblazers 105 losangelesclippers 97 home
oklahomacitythunder 100 memphisgrizzlies 95 away
washingtonwizards 93 torontoraptors 78 home
losangeleslakers 99 phoenixsuns 83 home
chicagobulls 111 minnesotatimberwolves 100 away
utahjazz 113 clevelandcavaliers 105 home
dallasmavericks 100 detroitpistons 86 away
houstonrockets 82 charlottehornets 70 away
goldenstatewarriors 111 miamiheat 106 home
milwaukeebucks 106 sanantoniospurs 103 home
philadelphiaSSers 112 sacramentokings 85 home
indianapacers 96 atlantahawks 84 home
losangeleslakers 90 utahjazz 87 away
oklahomacitythunder 95 neworleanspelicans 85 away
chicagobulls 78 washingtonwizards 64 home
sanantoniospurs 101 houstonrockets 95 home
newyorkknicks 85 philadelphiaSSers 79 home
dallasmavericks 90 bostonceltics 85 away
losangelesclippers 95 miamiheat 89 home
denvernuggets 123 brooklynnets 115 home
orlandomagic 107 portlandtrailblazers 104 away
sacramentokings 98 torontoraptors 91 away
atlantahawks 111 charlottehornets 81 home
milwaukeebucks 102 detroitpistons 93 home
clevelandcavaliers 101 phoenixsuns 90 away
memphisgrizzlies 94 newyorkknicks 83 home
orlandomagic 117 goldenstatewarriors 109 away
chicagobulls 88 bostonceltics 79 away
detroitpistons 98 charlottehornets 81 away
indianapacers 95 torontoraptors 90 away
minnesotatimberwolves 87 neworleanspelicans 80 away
sanantoniospurs 99 portlandtrailblazers 83 home
houstonrockets 103 sacramentokings 89 home
philadelphiaSSers 120 washingtonwizards 89 home
losangeleslakers 97 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
denvernuggets 117 miamiheat 104 home
dallasmavericks 102 milwaukeebucks 76 home
brooklynnets 110 phoenixsuns 103 away
indianapacers 97 bostonceltics 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 103 washingtonwizards 90 away
houstonrockets 107 portlandtrailblazers 105 home
dallasmavericks 99 sacramentokings 60 home
chicagobulls 77 torontoraptors 64 home
losangelesclippers 102 losangeleslakers 94 home
memphisgrizzlies 108 neworleanspelicans 99 home
charlottehornets 112 goldenstatewarriors 100 home
atlantahawks 93 minnesotatimberwolves 91 home
utahjazz 107 brooklynnets 94 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 newyorkknicks 92 home
sanantoniospurs 102 phoenixsuns 91 home
utahjazz 106 denvernuggets 96 away
goldenstatewarriors 99 detroitpistons 91 away
clevelandcavaliers 102 charlottehornets 94 away
losangeleslakers 73 dallasmavericks 70 home
philadelphiaSSers 94 milwaukeebucks 82 home
orlandomagic 102 newyorkknicks 93 away
portlandtrailblazers 84 neworleanspelicans 77 away
minnesotatimberwolves 99 sacramentokings 86 home
atlantahawks 93 torontoraptors 84 home
memphisgrizzlies 102 chicagobulls 86 home
houstonrockets 114 washingtonwizards 106 away
losangelesclippers 101 brooklynnets 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 97 bostonceltics 88 away
utahjazz 108 losangelesclippers 79 home
orlandomagic 96 charlottehornets 89 home
denvernuggets 105 milwaukeebucks 95 away
houstonrockets 97 detroitpistons 80 home
goldenstatewarriors 105 clevelandcavaliers 95 away
chicagobulls 118 phoenixsuns 97 home
miamiheat 120 sanantoniospurs 98 home
losangelesclippers 91 dallasmavericks 89 home
memphisgrizzlies 93 neworleanspelicans 87 away
bostonceltics 96 torontoraptors 73 home
denvernuggets 108 philadelphiaSSers 104 away
minnesotatimberwolves 93 detroitpistons 85 home
brooklynnets 107 goldenstatewarriors 100 home
sacramentokings 92 indianapacers 88 home
washingtonwizards 105 oklahomacitythunder 102 home
phoenixsuns 91 newyorkknicks 88 away
atlantahawks 92 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
sanantoniospurs 85 orlandomagic 83 away
dallasmavericks 94 utahjazz 91 away
houstonrockets 90 neworleanspelicans 88 home
miamiheat 98 losangeleslakers 87 home
philadelphiaSSers 90 atlantahawks 76 home
milwaukeebucks 100 newyorkknicks 86 away
minnesotatimberwolves 101 losangelesclippers 98 away
sacramentokings 88 sanantoniospurs 86 away
chicagobulls 114 clevelandcavaliers 75 away
denvernuggets 108 washingtonwizards 104 away
indianapacers 94 goldenstatewarriors 91 away
orlandomagic 92 losangeleslakers 80 home
memphisgrizzlies 98 detroitpistons 81 away
phoenixsuns 79 bostonceltics 71 away
portlandtrailblazers 94 torontoraptors 84 away
chicagobulls 95 charlottehornets 89 home
atlantahawks 121 clevelandcavaliers 94 home
miamiheat 113 philadelphiaSSers 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 128 sacramentokings 95 home
dallasmavericks 83 neworleanspelicans 81 away
utahjazz 108 minnesotatimberwolves 98 home
houstonrockets 105 sanantoniospurs 102 home
denvernuggets 119 newyorkknicks 114 away
oklahomacitythunder 84 brooklynnets 74 away
detroitpistons 94 portlandtrailblazers 91 home
bostonceltics 100 washingtonwizards 94 away
brooklynnets 97 charlottehornets 87 home
milwaukeebucks 91 miamiheat 82 away
indianapacers 98 losangeleslakers 96 away
losangelesclippers 103 torontoraptors 91 home
atlantahawks 97 milwaukeebucks 92 away
houstonrockets 107 minnesotatimberwolves 92 away
memphisgrizzlies 91 goldenstatewarriors 90 away
chicagobulls 110 brooklynnets 95 home
bostonceltics 87 orlandomagic 56 home
dallasmavericks 93 phoenixsuns 87 home
portlandtrailblazers 101 sacramentokings 89 home
philadelphiaSSers 103 washingtonwizards 83 home
sanantoniospurs 104 neworleanspelicans 102 away
oklahomacitythunder 99 detroitpistons 79 home
miamiheat 92 clevelandcavaliers 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 97 memphisgrizzlies 84 home
newyorkknicks 111 charlottehornets 78 away
orlandomagic 102 indianapacers 83 away
torontoraptors 99 phoenixsuns 96 away
goldenstatewarriors 101 portlandtrailblazers 93 home
washingtonwizards 92 charlottehornets 75 home
indianapacers 95 chicagobulls 90 away
losangeleslakers 96 losangelesclippers 91 home
brooklynnets 97 philadelphiaSSers 90 away
sanantoniospurs 105 atlantahawks 83 home
milwaukeebucks 105 houstonrockets 99 away
torontoraptors 111 utahjazz 106 away
denvernuggets 122 sacramentokings 93 away
miamiheat 101 detroitpistons 98 away
minnesotatimberwolves 105 dallasmavericks 90 away
oklahomacitythunder 101 neworleanspelicans 91 home
clevelandcavaliers 91 newyorkknicks 81 home
bostonceltics 91 orlandomagic 83 away
losangelesclippers 98 memphisgrizzlies 91 home
atlantahawks 107 detroitpistons 101 away
philadelphiaSSers 89 charlottehornets 72 home
bostonceltics 94 indianapacers 87 home
brooklynnets 99 clevelandcavaliers 96 away
miamiheat 99 newyorkknicks 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 120 goldenstatewarriors 109 away
portlandtrailblazers 109 phoenixsuns 71 home
minnesotatimberwolves 87 sanantoniospurs 79 home
dallasmavericks 116 utahjazz 101 home
chicagobulls 107 milwaukeebucks 100 home
neworleanspelicans 93 orlandomagic 67 home
denvernuggets 96 torontoraptors 81 home
houstonrockets 103 washingtonwizards 76 home
philadelphiaSSers 95 detroitpistons 74 home
phoenixsuns 86 memphisgrizzlies 84 home
utahjazz 96 sacramentokings 93 home
washingtonwizards 102 charlottehornets 99 away
milwaukeebucks 100 losangeleslakers 89 home
houstonrockets 97 newyorkknicks 84 home
miamiheat 97 chicagobulls 93 home
clevelandcavaliers 88 bostonceltics 87 away
indianapacers 106 orlandomagic 85 away
losangelesclippers 109 denvernuggets 105 away
losangeleslakers 106 minnesotatimberwolves 101 away
dallasmavericks 101 sanantoniospurs 100 home
torontoraptors 94 brooklynnets 73 away
atlantahawks 94 neworleanspelicans 72 away
chicagobulls 98 washingtonwizards 88 away
dallasmavericks 122 phoenixsuns 99 away
minnesotatimberwolves 120 houstonrockets 108 away
losangelesclippers 112 oklahomacitythunder 100 home
philadelphiaSSers 74 orlandomagic 69 home
milwaukeebucks 103 detroitpistons 82 home
utahjazz 93 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
sanantoniospurs 83 memphisgrizzlies 73 away
miamiheat 109 neworleanspelicans 95 home
atlantahawks 100 torontoraptors 77 away
bostonceltics 93 clevelandcavaliers 90 away
memphisgrizzlies 100 denvernuggets 97 home
newyorkknicks 113 detroitpistons 86 home
indianapacers 106 brooklynnets 99 home
goldenstatewarriors 93 sacramentokings 90 home
losangeleslakers 106 charlottehornets 73 home
philadelphiaSSers 98 chicagobulls 82 home
brooklynnets 99 detroitpistons 96 home
losangelesclippers 107 utahjazz 105 away
milwaukeebucks 105 miamiheat 97 home
oklahomacitythunder 95 dallasmavericks 86 away
phoenixsuns 120 neworleanspelicans 103 away
sanantoniospurs 99 houstonrockets 91 home
bostonceltics 100 torontoraptors 64 home
orlandomagic 109 washingtonwizards 103 home
portlandtrailblazers 112 charlottehornets 68 home
indianapacers 109 minnesotatimberwolves 99 away
chicagobulls 105 newyorkknicks 102 away
denvernuggets 112 losangelesclippers 91 away
sacramentokings 95 portlandtrailblazers 92 home
goldenstatewarriors 119 utahjazz 101 home
sanantoniospurs 93 neworleanspelicans 81 home
memphisgrizzlies 96 atlantahawks 77 away
orlandomagic 102 clevelandcavaliers 94 home
losangeleslakers 93 denvernuggets 89 away
oklahomacitythunder 101 memphisgrizzlies 94 home
miamiheat 99 philadelphiaSSers 79 away
houstonrockets 99 phoenixsuns 81 home
torontoraptors 106 washingtonwizards 89 home
detroitpistons 88 milwaukeebucks 80 home
bostonceltics 91 newyorkknicks 89 home
indianapacers 98 dallasmavericks 87 away
minnesotatimberwolves 108 brooklynnets 105 away
minnesotatimberwolves 100 houstonrockets 91 home
utahjazz 96 losangeleslakers 87 home
sanantoniospurs 107 oklahomacitythunder 96 home
orlandomagic 85 indianapacers 81 away
philadelphiaSSers 98 atlantahawks 87 away
chicagobulls 113 milwaukeebucks 90 away
portlandtrailblazers 117 denvernuggets 97 home
sacramentokings 114 goldenstatewarriors 106 home
newyorkknicks 99 brooklynnets 92 home
phoenixsuns 95 charlottehornets 89 home
clevelandcavaliers 91 dallasmavericks 88 home
losangelesclippers 107 washingtonwizards 81 away
detroitpistons 89 neworleanspelicans 87 home
miamiheat 95 torontoraptors 89 home
bostonceltics 98 memphisgrizzlies 80 home
chicagobulls 108 brooklynnets 87 away
houstonrockets 99 denvernuggets 90 away
sacramentokings 100 neworleanspelicans 92 away
washingtonwizards 111 torontoraptors 108 home
oklahomacitythunder 111 portlandtrailblazers 107 away
sanantoniospurs 89 memphisgrizzlies 84 away
losangelesclippers 107 orlandomagic 102 away
philadelphiaSSers 95 losangeleslakers 90 home
phoenixsuns 99 atlantahawks 90 away
newyorkknicks 99 utahjazz 88 home
bostonceltics 94 charlottehornets 84 home
miamiheat 107 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 119 goldenstatewarriors 116 away
minnesotatimberwolves 86 sacramentokings 84 home
phoenixsuns 107 milwaukeebucks 105 away
indianapacers 104 utahjazz 99 home
dallasmavericks 105 denvernuggets 95 away
detroitpistons 99 brooklynnets 92 away
houstonrockets 103 portlandtrailblazers 96 away
atlantahawks 97 indianapacers 87 home
milwaukeebucks 105 torontoraptors 99 away
memphisgrizzlies 85 minnesotatimberwolves 80 home
newyorkknicks 107 washingtonwizards 93 away
orlandomagic 102 miamiheat 89 home
chicagobulls 90 neworleanspelicans 67 away
clevelandcavaliers 99 losangelesclippers 92 home
sanantoniospurs 100 philadelphiaSSers 90 away
goldenstatewarriors 109 denvernuggets 101 away
houstonrockets 96 phoenixsuns 89 away
sacramentokings 106 oklahomacitythunder 101 home
losangeleslakers 88 bostonceltics 87 away
chicagobulls 95 charlottehornets 64 away
dallasmavericks 104 minnesotatimberwolves 97 away
detroitpistons 109 brooklynnets 92 home
portlandtrailblazers 94 neworleanspelicans 86 away
atlantahawks 89 orlandomagic 87 away
torontoraptors 86 bostonceltics 74 home
miamiheat 106 washingtonwizards 89 away
milwaukeebucks 113 clevelandcavaliers 112 away
oklahomacitythunder 101 utahjazz 87 away
memphisgrizzlies 98 indianapacers 92 home
losangelesclippers 78 philadelphiaSSers 77 away
newyorkknicks 92 losangeleslakers 85 home
orlandomagic 99 milwaukeebucks 94 away
philadelphiaSSers 99 clevelandcavaliers 84 away
dallasmavericks 97 portlandtrailblazers 94 home
phoenixsuns 98 sacramentokings 84 away
denvernuggets 113 indianapacers 109 away
losangelesclippers 111 charlottehornets 86 away
newyorkknicks 100 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
sanantoniospurs 103 brooklynnets 89 away
bostonceltics 95 chicagobulls 91 home
goldenstatewarriors 106 houstonrockets 97 home
utahjazz 98 memphisgrizzlies 88 away
washingtonwizards 98 detroitpistons 77 away
miamiheat 107 atlantahawks 87 away
losangeleslakers 94 torontoraptors 92 away
dallasmavericks 96 losangelesclippers 92 home
miamiheat 114 milwaukeebucks 96 away
philadelphiaSSers 98 charlottehornets 89 away
neworleanspelicans 86 utahjazz 80 home
goldenstatewarriors 102 phoenixsuns 96 home
orlandomagic 102 minnesotatimberwolves 89 home
miamiheat 105 indianapacers 90 away
denvernuggets 109 phoenixsuns 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 93 houstonrockets 83 home
newyorkknicks 90 torontoraptors 87 away
oklahomacitythunder 111 utahjazz 85 home
losangeleslakers 86 atlantahawks 78 home
sanantoniospurs 99 detroitpistons 95 away
chicagobulls 121 sacramentokings 115 home
washingtonwizards 124 portlandtrailblazers 109 away
dallasmavericks 102 denvernuggets 84 home
detroitpistons 98 bostonceltics 88 away
houstonrockets 96 oklahomacitythunder 95 home
orlandomagic 103 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
portlandtrailblazers 93 goldenstatewarriors 91 away
clevelandcavaliers 98 indianapacers 87 home
atlantahawks 101 phoenixsuns 99 away
minnesotatimberwolves 102 charlottehornets 90 home
memphisgrizzlies 105 brooklynnets 100 away
neworleanspelicans 92 milwaukeebucks 89 away
sanantoniospurs 113 torontoraptors 106 away
newyorkknicks 100 sacramentokings 85 home
losangelesclippers 102 washingtonwizards 84 home
chicagobulls 89 bostonceltics 80 home
losangelesclippers 74 portlandtrailblazers 71 away
indianapacers 93 brooklynnets 88 home
charlottehornets 98 torontoraptors 91 away
memphisgrizzlies 103 denvernuggets 102 home
oklahomacitythunder 110 goldenstatewarriors 87 home
miamiheat 111 clevelandcavaliers 87 away
orlandomagic 94 milwaukeebucks 85 home
minnesotatimberwolves 111 houstonrockets 98 away
losangeleslakers 111 phoenixsuns 99 home
dallasmavericks 82 philadelphiaSSers 75 away
neworleanspelicans 89 newyorkknicks 85 away
detroitpistons 114 sacramentokings 108 home
utahjazz 114 washingtonwizards 100 home
memphisgrizzlies 104 goldenstatewarriors 103 home
brooklynnets 97 chicagobulls 85 away
sanantoniospurs 103 losangelesclippers 100 away
portlandtrailblazers 97 atlantahawks 77 home
detroitpistons 96 bostonceltics 81 home
indianapacers 108 charlottehornets 73 home
milwaukeebucks 92 brooklynnets 85 away
houstonrockets 101 utahjazz 85 home
oklahomacitythunder 124 denvernuggets 118 home
phoenixsuns 102 losangeleslakers 90 home
miamiheat 90 orlandomagic 78 home
newyorkknicks 104 dallasmavericks 97 home
minnesotatimberwolves 92 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
clevelandcavaliers 93 sacramentokings 92 home
chicagobulls 90 atlantahawks 79 home
oklahomacitythunder 101 neworleanspelicans 93 home
orlandomagic 93 milwaukeebucks 90 away
losangeleslakers 103 portlandtrailblazers 92 home
sanantoniospurs 106 utahjazz 102 away
goldenstatewarriors 104 losangelesclippers 97 home
houstonrockets 97 memphisgrizzlies 93 home
denvernuggets 103 minnesotatimberwolves 101 home
brooklynnets 100 newyorkknicks 92 away
dallasmavericks 89 bostonceltics 73 home
phoenixsuns 104 washingtonwizards 88 home
portlandtrailblazers 137 sanantoniospurs 97 home
clevelandcavaliers 101 detroitpistons 100 home
indianapacers 117 neworleanspelicans 108 home
memphisgrizzlies 89 philadelphiaSSers 76 home
miamiheat 120 sacramentokings 108 home
newyorkknicks 99 atlantahawks 82 home
losangelesclippers 103 denvernuggets 95 home
torontoraptors 103 detroitpistons 93 home
indianapacers 102 charlottehornets 88 away
losangeleslakers 96 dallasmavericks 91 away
orlandomagic 108 brooklynnets 91 away
goldenstatewarriors 106 phoenixsuns 104 away
chicagobulls 110 milwaukeebucks 91 home
minnesotatimberwolves 100 utahjazz 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 119 bostonceltics 104 home
neworleanspelicans 89 clevelandcavaliers 84 away
houstonrockets 93 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
sacramentokings 115 washingtonwizards 107 away
oklahomacitythunder 100 losangeleslakers 85 home
miamiheat 102 newyorkknicks 88 home
sanantoniospurs 114 denvernuggets 99 away
atlantahawks 83 orlandomagic 78 home
bostonceltics 86 clevelandcavaliers 83 away
minnesotatimberwolves 109 losangelesclippers 97 away
philadelphiaSSers 97 detroitpistons 68 away
sacramentokings 103 utahjazz 96 home
milwaukeebucks 119 washingtonwizards 118 home
indianapacers 102 goldenstatewarriors 78 home
brooklynnets 93 dallasmavericks 92 away
chicagobulls 99 neworleanspelicans 95 home
houstonrockets 88 torontoraptors 85 home
orlandomagic 102 washingtonwizards 95 away
denvernuggets 104 portlandtrailblazers 95 home
chicagobulls 96 sanantoniospurs 89 away
goldenstatewarriors 85 atlantahawks 82 away
oklahomacitythunder 92 philadelphiaSSers 88 away
torontoraptors 95 neworleanspelicans 84 away
detroitpistons 109 charlottehornets 94 home
newyorkknicks 120 clevelandcavaliers 103 home
utahjazz 104 houstonrockets 83 home
bostonceltics 102 milwaukeebucks 96 home
losangeleslakers 104 minnesotatimberwolves 85 home
memphisgrizzlies 96 dallasmavericks 85 home
phoenixsuns 104 minnesotatimberwolves 95 home
losangelesclippers 108 sacramentokings 100 away
miamiheat 107 portlandtrailblazers 93 away
oklahomacitythunder 105 orlandomagic 102 away
denvernuggets 117 houstonrockets 105 away
atlantahawks 99 milwaukeebucks 94 home
chicagobulls 112 clevelandcavaliers 91 away
neworleanspelicans 97 dallasmavericks 92 home
phoenixsuns 81 losangelesclippers 78 home
bostonceltics 107 brooklynnets 94 home
losangeleslakers 115 sacramentokings 107 home
sanantoniospurs 102 charlottehornets 72 home
philadelphiaSSers 105 goldenstatewarriors 83 home
memphisgrizzlies 102 torontoraptors 99 away
utahjazz 99 miamiheat 98 home
washingtonwizards 101 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
orlandomagic 114 milwaukeebucks 98 home
dallasmavericks 102 utahjazz 96 home
minnesotatimberwolves 122 portlandtrailblazers 110 away
memphisgrizzlies 100 detroitpistons 83 home
indianapacers 102 neworleanspelicans 84 away
atlantahawks 97 oklahomacitythunder 90 home
chicagobulls 96 philadelphiaSSers 91 away
denvernuggets 99 sanantoniospurs 94 away
losangelesclippers 105 houstonrockets 103 away
brooklynnets 104 charlottehornets 101 away
bostonceltics 115 newyorkknicks 111 home
phoenixsuns 96 sacramentokings 88 home
torontoraptors 83 goldenstatewarriors 75 home
losangeleslakers 93 miamiheat 83 home
oklahomacitythunder 95 dallasmavericks 91 home
minnesotatimberwolves 95 losangelesclippers 94 home
portlandtrailblazers 86 neworleanspelicans 74 home
orlandomagic 92 torontoraptors 88 away
milwaukeebucks 97 philadelphiaSSers 93 home
denvernuggets 119 sacramentokings 116 home
chicagobulls 92 indianapacers 72 home
goldenstatewarriors 120 washingtonwizards 100 away
utahjazz 109 clevelandcavaliers 100 away
atlantahawks 101 indianapacers 96 away
miamiheat 108 brooklynnets 78 home
charlottehornets 100 orlandomagic 84 home
bostonceltics 97 houstonrockets 92 home
detroitpistons 88 losangeleslakers 85 home
dallasmavericks 95 newyorkknicks 85 home
memphisgrizzlies 110 goldenstatewarriors 92 away
sacramentokings 99 neworleanspelicans 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 115 phoenixsuns 104 home
miamiheat 89 atlantahawks 86 home
philadelphiaSSers 103 bostonceltics 71 home
chicagobulls 106 milwaukeebucks 104 away
minnesotatimberwolves 106 portlandtrailblazers 94 home
clevelandcavaliers 100 denvernuggets 99 away
torontoraptors 116 houstonrockets 98 home
brooklynnets 101 losangelesclippers 100 home
washingtonwizards 106 losangeleslakers 101 home
sanantoniospurs 118 newyorkknicks 105 home
utahjazz 99 charlottehornets 93 away
phoenixsuns 96 dallasmavericks 94 home
orlandomagic 99 chicagobulls 94 away
detroitpistons 86 atlantahawks 85 home
sacramentokings 110 dallasmavericks 97 home
losangelesclippers 120 sanantoniospurs 108 away
losangeleslakers 105 minnesotatimberwolves 102 away
brooklynnets 83 charlottehornets 74 away
denvernuggets 110 neworleanspelicans 97 home
milwaukeebucks 119 newyorkknicks 114 home
clevelandcavaliers 96 oklahomacitythunder 90 away
bostonceltics 104 portlandtrailblazers 86 home
philadelphiaSSers 104 utahjazz 91 home
goldenstatewarriors 111 dallasmavericks 87 home
miamiheat 93 indianapacers 91 home
phoenixsuns 98 memphisgrizzlies 91 home
neworleanspelicans 95 minnesotatimberwolves 89 away
detroitpistons 105 torontoraptors 86 home
oklahomacitythunder 122 charlottehornets 95 home
houstonrockets 112 brooklynnets 106 away
portlandtrailblazers 110 washingtonwizards 99 away
chicagobulls 111 utahjazz 97 home
orlandomagic 107 indianapacers 94 home
memphisgrizzlies 94 denvernuggets 91 away
milwaukeebucks 105 torontoraptors 99 away
goldenstatewarriors 97 losangelesclippers 93 away
philadelphiaSSers 106 newyorkknicks 94 away
atlantahawks 106 sacramentokings 99 away
losangeleslakers 97 bostonceltics 94 home
clevelandcavaliers 118 houstonrockets 107 home
milwaukeebucks 105 brooklynnets 99 away
minnesotatimberwolves 127 phoenixsuns 124 away
chicagobulls 104 newyorkknicks 99 home
bostonceltics 94 losangelesclippers 85 away
charlottehornets 73 neworleanspelicans 71 away
utahjazz 105 detroitpistons 90 home
sanantoniospurs 112 washingtonwizards 97 home
houstonrockets 104 oklahomacitythunder 103 away
losangeleslakers 116 memphisgrizzlies 111 away
torontoraptors 96 clevelandcavaliers 88 away
goldenstatewarriors 115 sacramentokings 89 away
orlandomagic 104 miamiheat 98 home
denvernuggets 118 atlantahawks 117 home
indianapacers 92 portlandtrailblazers 75 home
dallasmavericks 107 washingtonwizards 98 home
losangeleslakers 107 neworleanspelicans 101 away
chicagobulls 106 miamiheat 102 home
indianapacers 111 philadelphiaSSers 94 home
phoenixsuns 120 utahjazz 111 home
milwaukeebucks 115 clevelandcavaliers 105 home
brooklynnets 98 torontoraptors 84 home
losangelesclippers 96 atlantahawks 82 home
bostonceltics 105 goldenstatewarriors 103 away
houstonrockets 107 charlottehornets 87 home
detroitpistons 124 sacramentokings 112 away
sanantoniospurs 122 orlandomagic 111 home
newyorkknicks 121 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
utahjazz 111 minnesotatimberwolves 105 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 denvernuggets 90 away
phoenixsuns 91 losangelesclippers 87 away
dallasmavericks 101 charlottehornets 96 home
washingtonwizards 99 neworleanspelicans 89 away
newyorkknicks 115 indianapacers 100 home
miamiheat 84 philadelphiaSSers 78 away
losangeleslakers 97 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
orlandomagic 86 brooklynnets 70 home
sanantoniospurs 114 oklahomacitythunder 105 away
atlantahawks 102 washingtonwizards 88 home
sacramentokings 120 bostonceltics 95 home
phoenixsuns 109 detroitpistons 101 home
milwaukeebucks 120 goldenstatewarriors 98 away
portlandtrailblazers 100 chicagobulls 89 away
torontoraptors 114 memphisgrizzlies 110 away
utahjazz 99 goldenstatewarriors 92 home
losangelesclippers 95 houstonrockets 91 home
newyorkknicks 102 indianapacers 88 away
chicagobulls 89 philadelphiaSSers 80 home
charlottehornets 107 torontoraptors 103 home
dallasmavericks 106 sanantoniospurs 99 home
denvernuggets 98 bostonceltics 91 home
neworleanspelicans 102 brooklynnets 94 away
atlantahawks 103 clevelandcavaliers 87 away
phoenixsuns 99 houstonrockets 86 home
sacramentokings 115 minnesotatimberwolves 99 home
utahjazz 103 losangeleslakers 99 away
miamiheat 91 orlandomagic 81 home
oklahomacitythunder 111 portlandtrailblazers 95 home
losangelesclippers 87 detroitpistons 83 home
memphisgrizzlies 97 washingtonwizards 92 home
bostonceltics 79 atlantahawks 76 away
chicagobulls 85 orlandomagic 59 away
clevelandcavaliers 105 brooklynnets 100 away
dallasmavericks 112 denvernuggets 95 away
minnesotatimberwolves 97 goldenstatewarriors 93 away
philadelphiaSSers 105 charlottehornets 80 away
houstonrockets 107 losangeleslakers 104 home
sacramentokings 119 memphisgrizzlies 110 home
utahjazz 97 oklahomacitythunder 90 home
newyorkknicks 106 torontoraptors 87 home
indianapacers 102 losangelesclippers 89 home
milwaukeebucks 116 portlandtrailblazers 87 away
miamiheat 99 phoenixsuns 95 home
chicagobulls 94 torontoraptors 82 away
atlantahawks 103 clevelandcavaliers 102 home
goldenstatewarriors 101 neworleanspelicans 92 away
oklahomacitythunder 114 losangelesclippers 91 home
losangeleslakers 109 dallasmavericks 93 away
sanantoniospurs 116 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
washingtonwizards 108 brooklynnets 89 away
newyorkknicks 82 philadelphiaSSers 79 away
denvernuggets 116 detroitpistons 115 home
orlandomagic 103 phoenixsuns 93 home
bostonceltics 100 milwaukeebucks 91 away
houstonrockets 109 goldenstatewarriors 83 home
indianapacers 85 washingtonwizards 83 away
neworleanspelicans 97 losangelesclippers 90 home
portlandtrailblazers 97 memphisgrizzlies 93 home
utahjazz 103 sacramentokings 102 away
orlandomagic 93 clevelandcavaliers 80 home
miamiheat 88 detroitpistons 73 away
milwaukeebucks 112 charlottehornets 92 away
atlantahawks 93 brooklynnets 84 home
losangeleslakers 103 portlandtrailblazers 96 home
philadelphiaSSers 99 bostonceltics 86 home
sanantoniospurs 104 dallasmavericks 87 home
utahjazz 121 denvernuggets 102 home
oklahomacitythunder 149 minnesotatimberwolves 140 home
torontoraptors 96 newyorkknicks 79 home
phoenixsuns 113 indianapacers 111 away
brooklynnets 102 charlottehornets 89 home
newyorkknicks 101 detroitpistons 79 home
losangelesclippers 101 memphisgrizzlies 85 home
chicagobulls 102 torontoraptors 101 home
atlantahawks 95 washingtonwizards 92 away
dallasmavericks 101 houstonrockets 99 away
indianapacers 125 milwaukeebucks 104 away
sanantoniospurs 89 neworleanspelicans 86 away
goldenstatewarriors 111 sacramentokings 108 home
portlandtrailblazers 90 goldenstatewarriors 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 102 losangeleslakers 96 away
bostonceltics 88 washingtonwizards 76 home
minnesotatimberwolves 117 denvernuggets 100 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 miamiheat 87 home
sanantoniospurs 93 philadelphiaSSers 76 home
phoenixsuns 108 clevelandcavaliers 83 away
atlantahawks 139 utahjazz 133 home
bostonceltics 102 charlottehornets 95 away
detroitpistons 79 washingtonwizards 77 away
indianapacers 105 miamiheat 90 home
newyorkknicks 89 milwaukeebucks 80 home
losangelesclippers 97 neworleanspelicans 85 home
orlandomagic 117 torontoraptors 101 away
houstonrockets 113 sacramentokings 106 home
denvernuggets 108 chicagobulls 91 away
utahjazz 105 brooklynnets 84 away
milwaukeebucks 108 atlantahawks 101 home
philadelphiaSSers 103 clevelandcavaliers 85 home
memphisgrizzlies 93 minnesotatimberwolves 86 home
sanantoniospurs 107 phoenixsuns 100 away
dallasmavericks 90 houstonrockets 81 home
losangeleslakers 104 goldenstatewarriors 101 away
oklahomacitythunder 109 portlandtrailblazers 95 away
chicagobulls 98 atlantahawks 77 away
brooklynnets 100 indianapacers 84 home
neworleanspelicans 102 goldenstatewarriors 87 away
newyorkknicks 108 orlandomagic 86 home
sanantoniospurs 117 sacramentokings 112 away
detroitpistons 87 clevelandcavaliers 75 away
losangelesclippers 103 phoenixsuns 86 home
torontoraptors 105 denvernuggets 96 home
minnesotatimberwolves 88 charlottehornets 83 away
bostonceltics 94 utahjazz 82 home
portlandtrailblazers 99 neworleanspelicans 93 home
oklahomacitythunder 102 losangeleslakers 93 away
indianapacers 93 washingtonwizards 89 home
miamiheat 106 dallasmavericks 85 home
miamiheat 113 torontoraptors 101 away
atlantahawks 100 newyorkknicks 90 home
washingtonwizards 97 philadelphiaSSers 76 home
losangelesclippers 98 portlandtrailblazers 97 home
sacramentokings 104 utahjazz 103 away
chicagobulls 83 detroitpistons 71 home
houstonrockets 98 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
milwaukeebucks 121 clevelandcavaliers 84 away
bostonceltics 100 minnesotatimberwolves 79 away
dallasmavericks 100 orlandomagic 98 away
denvernuggets 99 charlottehornets 88 away
brooklynnets 102 goldenstatewarriors 100 away
sanantoniospurs 112 indianapacers 103 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 milwaukeebucks 95 away
brooklynnets 111 sacramentokings 99 away
philadelphiaSSers 95 atlantahawks 90 home
detroitpistons 110 charlottehornets 107 home
newyorkknicks 91 clevelandcavaliers 75 home
losangeleslakers 88 neworleanspelicans 85 home
losangelesclippers 105 utahjazz 96 home
bostonceltics 91 miamiheat 72 home
phoenixsuns 92 neworleanspelicans 75 home
torontoraptors 99 washingtonwizards 92 home
losangeleslakers 120 goldenstatewarriors 112 home
portlandtrailblazers 119 minnesotatimberwolves 106 home
oklahomacitythunder 92 chicagobulls 78 home
denvernuggets 104 orlandomagic 101 away
indianapacers 104 houstonrockets 102 away
losangelesclippers 94 dallasmavericks 75 away
memphisgrizzlies 94 oklahomacitythunder 88 away
milwaukeebucks 112 washingtonwizards 98 away
sacramentokings 116 minnesotatimberwolves 108 home
utahjazz 102 portlandtrailblazers 97 away
houstonrockets 99 chicagobulls 93 away
torontoraptors 92 charlottehornets 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 98 goldenstatewarriors 94 home
indianapacers 112 newyorkknicks 104 home
detroitpistons 102 orlandomagic 95 home
miamiheat 99 philadelphiaSSers 93 home
phoenixsuns 109 sacramentokings 100 away
losangeleslakers 91 brooklynnets 87 home
sanantoniospurs 125 clevelandcavaliers 90 away
neworleanspelicans 94 denvernuggets 92 home
goldenstatewarriors 97 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
indianapacers 109 washingtonwizards 96 away
phoenixsuns 107 utahjazz 105 away
atlantahawks 120 charlottehornets 93 home
milwaukeebucks 107 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
losangeleslakers 113 losangelesclippers 108 home
dallasmavericks 95 memphisgrizzlies 85 home
torontoraptors 99 philadelphiaSSers 78 away
portlandtrailblazers 101 brooklynnets 88 home
miamiheat 98 oklahomacitythunder 93 home
sanantoniospurs 87 bostonceltics 86 away
chicagobulls 93 bostonceltics 86 home
newyorkknicks 96 orlandomagic 80 away
detroitpistons 99 washingtonwizards 94 home
losangelesclippers 93 sacramentokings 85 away
milwaukeebucks 95 charlottehornets 90 home
clevelandcavaliers 84 torontoraptors 80 away
atlantahawks 101 detroitpistons 96 home
utahjazz 104 goldenstatewarriors 98 home
houstonrockets 112 losangeleslakers 107 away
denvernuggets 105 phoenixsuns 99 home
portlandtrailblazers 99 dallasmavericks 97 away
brooklynnets 110 washingtonwizards 98 home
sanantoniospurs 128 neworleanspelicans 103 home
memphisgrizzlies 97 miamiheat 82 away
indianapacers 103 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
bostonceltics 86 indianapacers 72 away
goldenstatewarriors 112 denvernuggets 97 home
neworleanspelicans 99 minnesotatimberwolves 90 home
orlandomagic 88 philadelphiaSSers 82 away
atlantahawks 116 charlottehornets 96 away
memphisgrizzlies 94 dallasmavericks 89 home
phoenixsuns 125 losangeleslakers 105 home
losangelesclippers 109 sacramentokings 94 home
milwaukeebucks 116 portlandtrailblazers 94 home
newyorkknicks 100 chicagobulls 99 home
brooklynnets 122 clevelandcavaliers 117 home
miamiheat 98 detroitpistons 75 home
houstonrockets 104 sacramentokings 87 away
sanantoniospurs 114 utahjazz 104 home
bostonceltics 103 philadelphiaSSers 79 home
oklahomacitythunder 91 torontoraptors 75 home
orlandomagic 119 detroitpistons 89 home
denvernuggets 123 goldenstatewarriors 84 home
houstonrockets 94 portlandtrailblazers 89 away
memphisgrizzlies 94 losangelesclippers 85 home
losangeleslakers 93 neworleanspelicans 91 away
phoenixsuns 114 minnesotatimberwolves 90 away
utahjazz 91 sanantoniospurs 84 home
indianapacers 103 torontoraptors 98 home
washingtonwizards 113 charlottehornets 85 away
oklahomacitythunder 109 milwaukeebucks 89 away
bostonceltics 115 miamiheat 107 away
clevelandcavaliers 103 charlottehornets 90 home
chicagobulls 98 newyorkknicks 86 home
dallasmavericks 110 sacramentokings 100 home
washingtonwizards 93 orlandomagic 85 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 brooklynnets 88 away
bostonceltics 88 atlantahawks 86 home
portlandtrailblazers 118 goldenstatewarriors 110 home
losangelesclippers 100 oklahomacitythunder 98 away
losangeleslakers 98 sanantoniospurs 84 away
newyorkknicks 111 milwaukeebucks 107 away
memphisgrizzlies 104 phoenixsuns 93 home
neworleanspelicans 105 sacramentokings 96 home
utahjazz 103 houstonrockets 91 away
indianapacers 104 clevelandcavaliers 98 away
denvernuggets 113 minnesotatimberwolves 107 home
philadelphiaSSers 93 torontoraptors 75 away
dallasmavericks 112 goldenstatewarriors 103 away
detroitpistons 109 charlottehornets 85 away
losangelesclippers 95 minnesotatimberwolves 82 away
chicagobulls 96 miamiheat 86 home
sanantoniospurs 107 memphisgrizzlies 97 home
dallasmavericks 97 portlandtrailblazers 94 away
losangeleslakers 103 denvernuggets 97 home
phoenixsuns 112 houstonrockets 105 away
oklahomacitythunder 115 sacramentokings 89 home
neworleanspelicans 96 utahjazz 85 home
newyorkknicks 103 washingtonwizards 65 home
atlantahawks 109 orlandomagic 81 away
torontoraptors 84 bostonceltics 79 home
miamiheat 105 charlottehornets 82 home
indianapacers 102 clevelandcavaliers 83 home
milwaukeebucks 113 detroitpistons 97 away
brooklynnets 95 philadelphiaSSers 89 away
clevelandcavaliers 98 washingtonwizards 89 away
sanantoniospurs 105 phoenixsuns 91 home
memphisgrizzlies 103 utahjazz 98 home
bostonceltics 94 brooklynnets 82 away
losangelesclippers 112 goldenstatewarriors 104 home
indianapacers 105 milwaukeebucks 99 away
oklahomacitythunder 115 minnesotatimberwolves 110 away
bostonceltics 94 charlottehornets 82 away
losangeleslakers 112 dallasmavericks 108 home
denvernuggets 101 houstonrockets 86 home
miamiheat 93 newyorkknicks 85 away
orlandomagic 100 clevelandcavaliers 84 away
sacramentokings 104 portlandtrailblazers 103 home
torontoraptors 102 atlantahawks 86 away
chicagobulls 100 detroitpistons 94 away
neworleanspelicans 88 memphisgrizzlies 75 home
atlantahawks 109 torontoraptors 87 away
utahjazz 123 dallasmavericks 121 home
denvernuggets 105 houstonrockets 102 away
miamiheat 101 brooklynnets 98 away
losangelesclippers 92 oklahomacitythunder 77 home
orlandomagic 113 philadelphiaSSers 100 home
phoenixsuns 125 portlandtrailblazers 107 home
sanantoniospurs 120 goldenstatewarriors 99 away
washingtonwizards 87 chicagobulls 84 away
indianapacers 111 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
neworleanspelicans 75 charlottehornets 67 away
indianapacers 102 philadelphiaSSers 97 away
memphisgrizzlies 91 minnesotatimberwolves 84 away
sanantoniospurs 112 losangeleslakers 91 away
newyorkknicks 118 bostonceltics 110 home
detroitpistons 116 clevelandcavaliers 77 home
chicagobulls 100 charlottehornets 68 away
atlantahawks 116 detroitpistons 84 home
losangelesclippers 104 denvernuggets 98 away
washingtonwizards 121 milwaukeebucks 112 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 phoenixsuns 97 away
bostonceltics 102 orlandomagic 98 home
philadelphiaSSers 103 clevelandcavaliers 87 away
sanantoniospurs 127 sacramentokings 102 away
miamiheat 96 torontoraptors 72 home
dallasmavericks 117 houstonrockets 110 home
losangeleslakers 99 goldenstatewarriors 87 away
memphisgrizzlies 103 neworleanspelicans 91 home
newyorkknicks 104 brooklynnets 95 away
utahjazz 112 portlandtrailblazers 91 away
miamiheat 83 chicagobulls 72 home
neworleanspelicans 105 houstonrockets 99 home
phoenixsuns 93 losangelesclippers 90 home
indianapacers 118 milwaukeebucks 109 home
minnesotatimberwolves 91 detroitpistons 80 away
atlantahawks 97 bostonceltics 92 home
dallasmavericks 104 goldenstatewarriors 94 home
sanantoniospurs 121 losangeleslakers 97 home
clevelandcavaliers 98 newyorkknicks 90 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 sacramentokings 92 away
memphisgrizzlies 85 charlottehornets 80 away
denvernuggets 118 phoenixsuns 107 away
houstonrockets 99 goldenstatewarriors 96 home
milwaukeebucks 106 brooklynnets 95 home
philadelphiaSSers 109 indianapacers 106 away
memphisgrizzlies 93 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
washingtonwizards 86 miamiheat 84 away
chicagobulls 93 dallasmavericks 83 home
utahjazz 117 orlandomagic 107 home
goldenstatewarriors 93 minnesotatimberwolves 88 away
losangelesclippers 107 neworleanspelicans 98 home
newyorkknicks 113 atlantahawks 112 away
losangeleslakers 114 oklahomacitythunder 106 home
detroitpistons 76 torontoraptors 73 home
sanantoniospurs 114 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
miamiheat 97 houstonrockets 88 home
denvernuggets 101 orlandomagic 74 home
sacramentokings 114 charlottehornets 88 away
sanantoniospurs 124 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
milwaukeebucks 92 torontoraptors 86 home
washingtonwizards 101 charlottehornets 73 home
indianapacers 103 detroitpistons 97 home
philadelphiaSSers 105 brooklynnets 87 away
memphisgrizzlies 109 clevelandcavaliers 101 home
bostonceltics 78 miamiheat 66 home
neworleanspelicans 83 goldenstatewarriors 81 away
utahjazz 100 phoenixsuns 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 118 sacramentokings 110 home
atlantahawks 109 losangelesclippers 102 home
philadelphiaSSers 90 milwaukeebucks 85 away
sanantoniospurs 110 phoenixsuns 106 away
washingtonwizards 96 clevelandcavaliers 85 away
orlandomagic 102 charlottehornets 95 home
chicagobulls 92 indianapacers 87 away
denvernuggets 106 oklahomacitythunder 101 away
newyorkknicks 99 losangelesclippers 93 home
bostonceltics 87 milwaukeebucks 74 home
newyorkknicks 104 charlottehornets 84 away
detroitpistons 108 philadelphiaSSers 86 home
sanantoniospurs 107 goldenstatewarriors 101 away
chicagobulls 107 clevelandcavaliers 75 home
denvernuggets 131 minnesotatimberwolves 102 away
sacramentokings 113 losangeleslakers 96 home
washingtonwizards 104 miamiheat 70 home
torontoraptors 98 brooklynnets 67 home
houstonrockets 84 neworleanspelicans 77 home
utahjazz 96 portlandtrailblazers 94 home
atlantahawks 106 dallasmavericks 89 home
memphisgrizzlies 88 orlandomagic 76 home
playoffs
oklahomacitythunder 99 dallasmavericks 98 home
chicagobulls 103 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
miamiheat 100 newyorkknicks 67 home
orlandomagic 81 indianapacers 77 away
sanantoniospurs 106 utahjazz 91 home
losangeleslakers 103 denvernuggets 88 home
losangelesclippers 99 memphisgrizzlies 98 away
atlantahawks 83 bostonceltics 74 home
oklahomacitythunder 102 dallasmavericks 99 home
miamiheat 104 newyorkknicks 94 home
indianapacers 93 orlandomagic 78 home
losangeleslakers 104 denvernuggets 100 home
philadelphiaSSers 109 chicagobulls 92 away
bostonceltics 87 atlantahawks 80 away
sanantoniospurs 114 utahjazz 83 home
memphisgrizzlies 105 losangelesclippers 98 home
indianapacers 97 orlandomagic 74 away
oklahomacitythunder 95 dallasmavericks 79 away
miamiheat 87 newyorkknicks 70 away
denvernuggets 99 losangeleslakers 84 home
philadelphiaSSers 79 chicagobulls 74 home
bostonceltics 90 atlantahawks 84 home
sanantoniospurs 102 utahjazz 90 away
oklahomacitythunder 103 dallasmavericks 97 away
losangelesclippers 87 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
indianapacers 101 orlandomagic 99 away
losangeleslakers 92 denvernuggets 88 away
philadelphiaSSers 89 chicagobulls 82 home
newyorkknicks 89 miamiheat 87 home
bostonceltics 101 atlantahawks 79 home
sanantoniospurs 87 utahjazz 81 away
losangelesclippers 101 memphisgrizzlies 97 home
denvernuggets 102 losangeleslakers 99 away
chicagobulls 77 philadelphiaSSers 69 home
indianapacers 105 orlandomagic 87 home
atlantahawks 87 bostonceltics 86 home
miamiheat 106 newyorkknicks 94 home
memphisgrizzlies 92 losangelesclippers 80 home
denvernuggets 113 losangeleslakers 96 home
philadelphiaSSers 79 chicagobulls 78 home
bostonceltics 83 atlantahawks 80 home
memphisgrizzlies 90 losangelesclippers 88 away
losangeleslakers 96 denvernuggets 87 home
bostonceltics 92 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
losangelesclippers 82 memphisgrizzlies 72 away
miamiheat 95 indianapacers 86 home
philadelphiaSSers 82 bostonceltics 81 away
oklahomacitythunder 119 losangeleslakers 90 home
indianapacers 78 miamiheat 75 away
sanantoniospurs 108 losangelesclippers 92 home
bostonceltics 107 philadelphiaSSers 91 away
oklahomacitythunder 77 losangeleslakers 75 home
indianapacers 94 miamiheat 75 home
sanantoniospurs 105 losangelesclippers 88 home
philadelphiaSSers 92 bostonceltics 83 home
losangeleslakers 99 oklahomacitythunder 96 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 losangeleslakers 100 away
sanantoniospurs 96 losangelesclippers 86 away
miamiheat 101 indianapacers 93 away
sanantoniospurs 102 losangelesclippers 99 away
bostonceltics 101 philadelphiaSSers 85 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 losangeleslakers 90 home
miamiheat 115 indianapacers 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 82 bostonceltics 75 home
miamiheat 105 indianapacers 93 away
bostonceltics 85 philadelphiaSSers 75 home
sanantoniospurs 101 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
miamiheat 93 bostonceltics 79 home
sanantoniospurs 120 oklahomacitythunder 111 home
miamiheat 115 bostonceltics 111 home
oklahomacitythunder 102 sanantoniospurs 82 home
bostonceltics 101 miamiheat 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 sanantoniospurs 103 home
bostonceltics 93 miamiheat 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 108 sanantoniospurs 103 away
bostonceltics 94 miamiheat 90 away
oklahomacitythunder 107 sanantoniospurs 99 home
miamiheat 98 bostonceltics 79 away
miamiheat 101 bostonceltics 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 105 miamiheat 94 home
miamiheat 100 oklahomacitythunder 96 away
miamiheat 91 oklahomacitythunder 85 home
miamiheat 104 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
miamiheat 121 oklahomacitythunder 106 home
yearEnd
clevelandcavaliers 94 washingtonwizards 84 home
miamiheat 120 bostonceltics 107 home
dallasmavericks 99 losangeleslakers 91 away
indianapacers 90 torontoraptors 88 away
philadelphiaSSers 84 denvernuggets 75 home
houstonrockets 105 detroitpistons 96 away
chicagobulls 93 sacramentokings 87 home
sanantoniospurs 99 neworleanspelicans 95 away
utahjazz 113 dallasmavericks 94 home
goldenstatewarriors 87 phoenixsuns 85 away
losangelesclippers 101 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
portlandtrailblazers 116 losangeleslakers 106 home
sanantoniospurs 86 oklahomacitythunder 84 home
charlottehornets 90 indianapacers 89 home
orlandomagic 102 denvernuggets 89 home
milwaukeebucks 99 bostonceltics 88 away
houstonrockets 109 atlantahawks 102 away
chicagobulls 115 clevelandcavaliers 86 away
newyorkknicks 104 miamiheat 84 home
neworleanspelicans 88 utahjazz 86 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 portlandtrailblazers 92 home
minnesotatimberwolves 92 sacramentokings 80 home
phoenixsuns 92 detroitpistons 89 home
losangelesclippers 105 losangeleslakers 95 home
memphisgrizzlies 104 goldenstatewarriors 94 away
bostonceltics 89 washingtonwizards 86 away
indianapacers 106 sacramentokings 98 home
brooklynnets 107 torontoraptors 100 home
miamiheat 119 denvernuggets 116 home
neworleanspelicans 89 chicagobulls 82 away
portlandtrailblazers 95 houstonrockets 85 away
milwaukeebucks 105 clevelandcavaliers 102 home
dallasmavericks 126 charlottehornets 99 home
sanantoniospurs 110 utahjazz 100 home
goldenstatewarriors 114 losangelesclippers 110 away
newyorkknicks 100 philadelphiaSSers 84 home
torontoraptors 105 minnesotatimberwolves 86 home
orlandomagic 115 phoenixsuns 94 home
atlantahawks 104 oklahomacitythunder 95 away
losangeleslakers 108 detroitpistons 79 home
newyorkknicks 110 philadelphiaSSers 88 away
minnesotatimberwolves 107 brooklynnets 96 away
miamiheat 124 phoenixsuns 99 home
memphisgrizzlies 103 utahjazz 94 home
dallasmavericks 114 portlandtrailblazers 91 home
sanantoniospurs 101 indianapacers 79 home
sacramentokings 94 goldenstatewarriors 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 108 losangelesclippers 101 away
chicagobulls 99 orlandomagic 93 home
oklahomacitythunder 108 torontoraptors 88 home
denvernuggets 109 detroitpistons 97 home
phoenixsuns 117 charlottehornets 110 away
bostonceltics 100 washingtonwizards 94 home
atlantahawks 89 indianapacers 86 home
miamiheat 103 brooklynnets 73 home
memphisgrizzlies 108 milwaukeebucks 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 77 neworleanspelicans 62 away
denvernuggets 93 houstonrockets 87 away
minnesotatimberwolves 90 orlandomagic 75 home
dallasmavericks 109 torontoraptors 104 home
utahjazz 95 losangeleslakers 86 home
sacramentokings 105 detroitpistons 103 home
losangelesclippers 106 sanantoniospurs 84 home
goldenstatewarriors 106 clevelandcavaliers 96 home
oklahomacitythunder 97 chicagobulls 91 away
losangelesclippers 103 portlandtrailblazers 90 away
milwaukeebucks 101 washingtonwizards 91 away
brooklynnets 107 orlandomagic 68 away
philadelphiaSSers 106 bostonceltics 100 away
newyorkknicks 104 dallasmavericks 94 home
miamiheat 95 atlantahawks 89 away
memphisgrizzlies 93 houstonrockets 85 home
neworleanspelicans 107 charlottehornets 99 home
oklahomacitythunder 105 detroitpistons 94 home
minnesotatimberwolves 96 indianapacers 94 home
phoenixsuns 107 clevelandcavaliers 105 home
sanantoniospurs 97 sacramentokings 86 away
denvernuggets 104 utahjazz 84 home
losangeleslakers 101 goldenstatewarriors 77 home
philadelphiaSSers 93 torontoraptors 83 away
indianapacers 89 washingtonwizards 85 home
charlottehornets 101 dallasmavericks 97 home
chicagobulls 87 minnesotatimberwolves 80 home
houstonrockets 96 detroitpistons 82 home
bostonceltics 96 milwaukeebucks 92 away
utahjazz 94 phoenixsuns 81 home
sanantoniospurs 112 portlandtrailblazers 109 away
denvernuggets 107 goldenstatewarriors 101 away
brooklynnets 82 orlandomagic 74 home
losangelesclippers 89 atlantahawks 76 home
memphisgrizzlies 104 miamiheat 86 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
losangeleslakers 103 sacramentokings 90 home
utahjazz 140 torontoraptors 133 away
milwaukeebucks 105 philadelphiaSSers 96 away
oklahomacitythunder 92 detroitpistons 90 away
bostonceltics 101 chicagobulls 95 away
miamiheat 113 houstonrockets 110 away
minnesotatimberwolves 90 dallasmavericks 82 away
phoenixsuns 110 denvernuggets 100 home
atlantahawks 95 portlandtrailblazers 87 away
charlottehornets 92 washingtonwizards 76 home
newyorkknicks 99 orlandomagic 89 away
torontoraptors 74 indianapacers 72 away
brooklynnets 114 clevelandcavaliers 101 home
portlandtrailblazers 103 sacramentokings 86 away
sanantoniospurs 84 losangeleslakers 82 away
detroitpistons 94 philadelphiaSSers 76 away
bostonceltics 98 utahjazz 93 home
milwaukeebucks 99 indianapacers 85 home
houstonrockets 100 neworleanspelicans 96 home
memphisgrizzlies 107 oklahomacitythunder 97 away
charlottehornets 89 minnesotatimberwolves 87 away
dallasmavericks 107 washingtonwizards 101 home
chicagobulls 112 phoenixsuns 106 away
losangelesclippers 107 miamiheat 100 home
goldenstatewarriors 92 atlantahawks 88 home
brooklynnets 102 bostonceltics 97 home
newyorkknicks 104 sanantoniospurs 100 away
miamiheat 98 denvernuggets 93 away
philadelphiaSSers 99 utahjazz 93 home
orlandomagic 110 detroitpistons 106 away
indianapacers 103 dallasmavericks 83 home
oklahomacitythunder 110 neworleanspelicans 95 away
goldenstatewarriors 106 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
memphisgrizzlies 105 newyorkknicks 95 home
atlantahawks 112 sacramentokings 96 away
portlandtrailblazers 119 houstonrockets 117 home
losangeleslakers 114 phoenixsuns 102 home
bostonceltics 107 torontoraptors 89 home
losangelesclippers 101 chicagobulls 80 home
utahjazz 83 washingtonwizards 76 away
memphisgrizzlies 94 charlottehornets 87 away
dallasmavericks 103 clevelandcavaliers 95 away
milwaukeebucks 117 neworleanspelicans 113 home
sanantoniospurs 126 denvernuggets 100 home
miamiheat 97 phoenixsuns 88 away
newyorkknicks 88 indianapacers 76 home
torontoraptors 97 orlandomagic 86 home
philadelphiaSSers 86 clevelandcavaliers 79 home
brooklynnets 99 sacramentokings 90 away
oklahomacitythunder 119 goldenstatewarriors 109 home
detroitpistons 103 bostonceltics 83 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 chicagobulls 94 home
losangeleslakers 119 houstonrockets 108 home
indianapacers 96 washingtonwizards 89 away
charlottehornets 102 milwaukeebucks 98 home
atlantahawks 81 orlandomagic 72 home
denvernuggets 97 memphisgrizzlies 92 away
goldenstatewarriors 105 dallasmavericks 101 away
losangelesclippers 92 sanantoniospurs 87 away
utahjazz 102 houstonrockets 91 home
philadelphiaSSers 106 torontoraptors 98 home
newyorkknicks 102 neworleanspelicans 80 away
losangeleslakers 95 brooklynnets 90 home
charlottehornets 98 torontoraptors 97 home
orlandomagic 90 detroitpistons 74 home
clevelandcavaliers 92 philadelphiaSSers 83 home
indianapacers 115 neworleanspelicans 107 home
sanantoniospurs 112 bostonceltics 100 away
atlantahawks 101 washingtonwizards 100 home
miamiheat 113 milwaukeebucks 106 home
oklahomacitythunder 117 losangelesclippers 111 home
houstonrockets 93 chicagobulls 89 home
denvernuggets 101 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
dallasmavericks 114 newyorkknicks 111 home
phoenixsuns 114 portlandtrailblazers 87 home
sacramentokings 113 losangeleslakers 97 home
goldenstatewarriors 102 brooklynnets 93 home
denvernuggets 102 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
utahjazz 104 sacramentokings 102 home
phoenixsuns 111 neworleanspelicans 108 home
portlandtrailblazers 103 minnesotatimberwolves 95 home
atlantahawks 101 charlottehornets 91 away
orlandomagic 108 clevelandcavaliers 104 home
bostonceltics 108 oklahomacitythunder 100 home
brooklynnets 86 losangelesclippers 76 home
detroitpistons 91 torontoraptors 90 home
sanantoniospurs 104 indianapacers 97 away
memphisgrizzlies 106 losangeleslakers 98 home
houstonrockets 131 newyorkknicks 103 home
oklahomacitythunder 116 philadelphiaSSers 109 away
charlottehornets 108 washingtonwizards 106 away
atlantahawks 104 losangelesclippers 93 home
miamiheat 110 clevelandcavaliers 108 home
losangeleslakers 115 dallasmavericks 89 away
chicagobulls 93 milwaukeebucks 86 away
sacramentokings 108 utahjazz 97 home
goldenstatewarriors 96 minnesotatimberwolves 85 home
sanantoniospurs 111 torontoraptors 106 away
newyorkknicks 121 detroitpistons 100 home
brooklynnets 98 portlandtrailblazers 85 home
philadelphiaSSers 104 phoenixsuns 101 home
bostonceltics 116 orlandomagic 110 away
denvernuggets 102 neworleanspelicans 84 home
sanantoniospurs 118 washingtonwizards 92 away
detroitpistons 108 portlandtrailblazers 101 home
milwaukeebucks 93 chicagobulls 92 away
memphisgrizzlies 84 clevelandcavaliers 78 home
oklahomacitythunder 114 charlottehornets 69 home
utahjazz 105 denvernuggets 103 home
neworleanspelicans 105 losangelesclippers 98 away
brooklynnets 96 newyorkknicks 89 home
philadelphiaSSers 100 dallasmavericks 98 home
phoenixsuns 91 clevelandcavaliers 78 away
houstonrockets 117 torontoraptors 101 home
minnesotatimberwolves 97 sacramentokings 89 away
indianapacers 79 losangeleslakers 77 away
washingtonwizards 84 portlandtrailblazers 82 home
sanantoniospurs 110 orlandomagic 89 away
brooklynnets 95 bostonceltics 83 away
atlantahawks 94 charlottehornets 91 home
detroitpistons 117 phoenixsuns 77 home
chicagobulls 101 dallasmavericks 78 home
newyorkknicks 102 milwaukeebucks 88 away
memphisgrizzlies 103 torontoraptors 82 home
utahjazz 96 neworleanspelicans 84 away
oklahomacitythunder 120 houstonrockets 98 home
losangelesclippers 101 minnesotatimberwolves 95 home
miamiheat 105 sanantoniospurs 100 home
goldenstatewarriors 106 denvernuggets 105 home
torontoraptors 101 phoenixsuns 97 home
philadelphiaSSers 104 charlottehornets 98 away
brooklynnets 98 orlandomagic 86 away
bostonceltics 96 portlandtrailblazers 78 home
newyorkknicks 108 washingtonwizards 87 home
clevelandcavaliers 113 atlantahawks 111 away
memphisgrizzlies 90 detroitpistons 78 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 utahjazz 94 home
minnesotatimberwolves 95 milwaukeebucks 85 home
indianapacers 97 sacramentokings 92 away
losangeleslakers 122 denvernuggets 103 home
miamiheat 102 brooklynnets 89 home
portlandtrailblazers 118 clevelandcavaliers 117 away
chicagobulls 93 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 100 neworleanspelicans 79 away
houstonrockets 124 utahjazz 116 home
milwaukeebucks 91 bostonceltics 88 home
sanantoniospurs 99 memphisgrizzlies 95 home
dallasmavericks 92 detroitpistons 77 home
losangelesclippers 116 sacramentokings 81 home
goldenstatewarriors 103 indianapacers 92 home
newyorkknicks 106 phoenixsuns 99 home
orlandomagic 113 losangeleslakers 103 away
portlandtrailblazers 118 charlottehornets 112 away
detroitpistons 89 clevelandcavaliers 79 home
neworleanspelicans 102 milwaukeebucks 81 home
denvernuggets 113 torontoraptors 110 home
losangelesclippers 105 utahjazz 104 away
orlandomagic 102 goldenstatewarriors 94 away
minnesotatimberwolves 105 philadelphiaSSers 88 away
washingtonwizards 105 miamiheat 101 home
oklahomacitythunder 117 brooklynnets 111 away
indianapacers 80 chicagobulls 76 away
memphisgrizzlies 108 phoenixsuns 98 home
houstonrockets 107 losangeleslakers 105 home
newyorkknicks 100 charlottehornets 98 away
indianapacers 99 portlandtrailblazers 92 home
bostonceltics 104 minnesotatimberwolves 94 home
atlantahawks 108 denvernuggets 104 home
goldenstatewarriors 104 detroitpistons 97 away
chicagobulls 95 clevelandcavaliers 85 away
losangeleslakers 103 neworleanspelicans 87 away
sanantoniospurs 110 milwaukeebucks 99 home
utahjazz 87 orlandomagic 81 home
sacramentokings 107 torontoraptors 100 home
losangelesclippers 112 dallasmavericks 90 home
newyorkknicks 112 miamiheat 92 away
dallasmavericks 97 phoenixsuns 94 away
philadelphiaSSers 95 bostonceltics 94 home
denvernuggets 92 indianapacers 89 away
goldenstatewarriors 109 brooklynnets 102 away
atlantahawks 104 washingtonwizards 95 home
chicagobulls 108 detroitpistons 104 away
memphisgrizzlies 96 neworleanspelicans 89 away
minnesotatimberwolves 91 clevelandcavaliers 73 home
milwaukeebucks 108 charlottehornets 93 home
sanantoniospurs 114 houstonrockets 92 home
utahjazz 131 torontoraptors 99 home
oklahomacitythunder 114 losangeleslakers 108 home
sacramentokings 91 orlandomagic 82 home
losangelesclippers 117 phoenixsuns 99 home
goldenstatewarriors 101 washingtonwizards 97 away
sanantoniospurs 132 charlottehornets 102 away
bostonceltics 92 philadelphiaSSers 79 home
miamiheat 106 neworleanspelicans 90 home
detroitpistons 104 clevelandcavaliers 97 away
chicagobulls 93 newyorkknicks 85 home
atlantahawks 93 memphisgrizzlies 83 away
dallasmavericks 116 houstonrockets 109 away
sacramentokings 99 portlandtrailblazers 80 away
losangelesclippers 102 torontoraptors 83 home
milwaukeebucks 97 brooklynnets 88 away
oklahomacitythunder 104 indianapacers 93 home
newyorkknicks 112 denvernuggets 106 home
orlandomagic 98 phoenixsuns 90 away
utahjazz 117 losangeleslakers 110 away
philadelphiaSSers 104 detroitpistons 97 home
goldenstatewarriors 104 charlottehornets 96 away
miamiheat 101 atlantahawks 92 home
sanantoniospurs 134 houstonrockets 126 away
dallasmavericks 119 sacramentokings 96 home
portlandtrailblazers 92 torontoraptors 74 home
newyorkknicks 100 brooklynnets 97 away
clevelandcavaliers 100 losangeleslakers 94 home
denvernuggets 101 detroitpistons 94 away
washingtonwizards 77 neworleanspelicans 70 away
losangelesclippers 94 chicagobulls 89 away
brooklynnets 94 torontoraptors 88 away
atlantahawks 86 orlandomagic 80 away
indianapacers 96 clevelandcavaliers 81 home
chicagobulls 96 philadelphiaSSers 89 away
losangelesclippers 100 charlottehornets 94 away
goldenstatewarriors 97 miamiheat 95 away
bostonceltics 117 dallasmavericks 115 home
milwaukeebucks 98 sacramentokings 85 home
houstonrockets 99 washingtonwizards 93 home
oklahomacitythunder 92 neworleanspelicans 88 home
minnesotatimberwolves 108 denvernuggets 105 home
phoenixsuns 82 memphisgrizzlies 80 home
utahjazz 99 sanantoniospurs 96 home
atlantahawks 113 charlottehornets 90 home
newyorkknicks 116 losangeleslakers 107 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 sanantoniospurs 90 home
torontoraptors 95 dallasmavericks 74 home
losangeleslakers 102 washingtonwizards 96 away
indianapacers 95 philadelphiaSSers 85 home
brooklynnets 107 detroitpistons 105 home
milwaukeebucks 90 clevelandcavaliers 86 away
orlandomagic 99 goldenstatewarriors 85 home
minnesotatimberwolves 113 neworleanspelicans 102 away
houstonrockets 101 bostonceltics 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 113 sacramentokings 103 home
phoenixsuns 99 utahjazz 84 home
denvernuggets 99 memphisgrizzlies 94 home
orlandomagic 107 charlottehornets 98 away
goldenstatewarriors 115 atlantahawks 93 away
newyorkknicks 103 clevelandcavaliers 102 home
miamiheat 102 washingtonwizards 72 home
indianapacers 88 detroitpistons 77 away
chicagobulls 83 brooklynnets 82 home
minnesotatimberwolves 114 dallasmavericks 106 home
losangelesclippers 111 milwaukeebucks 85 away
sanantoniospurs 103 bostonceltics 88 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 utahjazz 86 away
torontoraptors 103 houstonrockets 96 home
losangeleslakers 111 philadelphiaSSers 98 away
denvernuggets 122 sacramentokings 97 away
portlandtrailblazers 95 neworleanspelicans 94 home
orlandomagic 102 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
houstonrockets 109 newyorkknicks 96 away
losangelesclippers 88 detroitpistons 76 away
memphisgrizzlies 80 chicagobulls 71 home
oklahomacitythunder 107 sanantoniospurs 93 home
phoenixsuns 101 sacramentokings 90 home
atlantahawks 100 washingtonwizards 95 away
torontoraptors 113 clevelandcavaliers 99 away
utahjazz 92 brooklynnets 90 away
miamiheat 103 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
chicagobulls 100 bostonceltics 89 home
milwaukeebucks 98 indianapacers 93 home
dallasmavericks 107 philadelphiaSSers 100 home
denvernuggets 112 sanantoniospurs 106 home
losangeleslakers 101 charlottehornets 100 home
goldenstatewarriors 103 neworleanspelicans 96 home
torontoraptors 97 detroitpistons 91 home
newyorkknicks 100 brooklynnets 86 home
orlandomagic 90 washingtonwizards 83 home
indianapacers 104 utahjazz 84 home
bostonceltics 103 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 100 atlantahawks 92 away
houstonrockets 125 philadelphiaSSers 103 home
phoenixsuns 121 charlottehornets 104 home
memphisgrizzlies 90 milwaukeebucks 80 home
sacramentokings 131 goldenstatewarriors 127 home
losangelesclippers 93 neworleanspelicans 77 home
minnesotatimberwolves 99 oklahomacitythunder 93 home
miamiheat 110 dallasmavericks 95 away
portlandtrailblazers 101 denvernuggets 93 home
torontoraptors 93 orlandomagic 90 home
philadelphiaSSers 99 atlantahawks 80 home
milwaukeebucks 99 bostonceltics 94 away
chicagobulls 110 newyorkknicks 106 away
detroitpistons 100 washingtonwizards 68 home
indianapacers 99 clevelandcavaliers 89 away
memphisgrizzlies 92 dallasmavericks 82 home
sanantoniospurs 99 neworleanspelicans 94 home
losangelesclippers 97 sacramentokings 85 home
goldenstatewarriors 115 charlottehornets 100 home
detroitpistons 96 washingtonwizards 87 away
atlantahawks 92 chicagobulls 75 home
miamiheat 105 utahjazz 89 home
indianapacers 81 neworleanspelicans 75 away
houstonrockets 121 memphisgrizzlies 96 home
clevelandcavaliers 94 milwaukeebucks 82 away
denvernuggets 110 charlottehornets 88 home
portlandtrailblazers 96 phoenixsuns 93 home
losangeleslakers 118 goldenstatewarriors 115 away
brooklynnets 95 philadelphiaSSers 92 home
newyorkknicks 94 minnesotatimberwolves 91 home
utahjazz 97 orlandomagic 93 away
sanantoniospurs 129 dallasmavericks 91 home
losangelesclippers 103 phoenixsuns 77 away
sacramentokings 108 portlandtrailblazers 96 home
bostonceltics 93 brooklynnets 76 away
losangeleslakers 100 newyorkknicks 94 home
miamiheat 103 oklahomacitythunder 97 home
houstonrockets 120 chicagobulls 97 away
losangelesclippers 112 denvernuggets 100 home
clevelandcavaliers 87 washingtonwizards 84 away
miamiheat 105 charlottehornets 92 away
neworleanspelicans 97 orlandomagic 94 away
atlantahawks 126 detroitpistons 119 home
milwaukeebucks 108 brooklynnets 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 99 memphisgrizzlies 89 away
houstonrockets 87 minnesotatimberwolves 84 away
sanantoniospurs 100 torontoraptors 80 home
denvernuggets 126 losangeleslakers 114 home
goldenstatewarriors 94 utahjazz 83 away
newyorkknicks 99 phoenixsuns 97 away
portlandtrailblazers 109 sacramentokings 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 111 dallasmavericks 105 home
losangelesclippers 106 bostonceltics 77 home
losangeleslakers 104 portlandtrailblazers 87 home
goldenstatewarriors 96 philadelphiaSSers 89 home
washingtonwizards 105 orlandomagic 97 home
indianapacers 97 phoenixsuns 91 home
brooklynnets 97 charlottehornets 81 home
detroitpistons 109 miamiheat 99 home
atlantahawks 102 clevelandcavaliers 94 away
torontoraptors 104 neworleanspelicans 97 away
denvernuggets 106 dallasmavericks 85 away
sanantoniospurs 122 houstonrockets 116 home
losangelesclippers 116 utahjazz 114 away
sacramentokings 106 newyorkknicks 105 home
neworleanspelicans 98 charlottehornets 95 away
atlantahawks 109 indianapacers 100 home
torontoraptors 123 orlandomagic 88 away
brooklynnets 103 clevelandcavaliers 100 home
chicagobulls 87 washingtonwizards 77 home
memphisgrizzlies 81 denvernuggets 72 home
oklahomacitythunder 124 houstonrockets 94 away
minnesotatimberwolves 111 phoenixsuns 107 home
milwaukeebucks 104 miamiheat 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 89 philadelphiaSSers 85 home
goldenstatewarriors 101 bostonceltics 83 home
detroitpistons 96 milwaukeebucks 94 home
sanantoniospurs 111 dallasmavericks 86 away
sacramentokings 118 bostonceltics 96 home
losangelesclippers 107 utahjazz 96 home
indianapacers 88 memphisgrizzlies 83 home
charlottehornets 91 chicagobulls 81 away
miamiheat 112 orlandomagic 110 away
houstonrockets 123 atlantahawks 104 home
oklahomacitythunder 114 phoenixsuns 96 home
sanantoniospurs 104 brooklynnets 73 home
dallasmavericks 103 washingtonwizards 94 away
portlandtrailblazers 105 newyorkknicks 100 away
detroitpistons 103 sacramentokings 97 home
atlantahawks 95 neworleanspelicans 86 away
denvernuggets 92 losangelesclippers 78 home
philadelphiaSSers 103 losangeleslakers 99 away
torontoraptors 102 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
chicagobulls 96 orlandomagic 94 away
sacramentokings 97 clevelandcavaliers 94 away
indianapacers 89 washingtonwizards 81 home
memphisgrizzlies 93 bostonceltics 83 away
miamiheat 119 dallasmavericks 109 home
sanantoniospurs 117 milwaukeebucks 110 away
houstonrockets 104 neworleanspelicans 92 home
brooklynnets 110 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
utahjazz 106 minnesotatimberwolves 84 home
phoenixsuns 95 philadelphiaSSers 89 home
goldenstatewarriors 115 losangelesclippers 94 home
newyorkknicks 100 sanantoniospurs 83 home
minnesotatimberwolves 101 denvernuggets 97 away
sacramentokings 105 torontoraptors 96 away
brooklynnets 115 washingtonwizards 113 away
clevelandcavaliers 106 charlottehornets 104 away
chicagobulls 96 miamiheat 89 away
detroitpistons 85 atlantahawks 84 home
bostonceltics 94 indianapacers 75 home
portlandtrailblazers 86 memphisgrizzlies 84 away
oklahomacitythunder 109 philadelphiaSSers 85 home
houstonrockets 115 milwaukeebucks 101 away
utahjazz 87 phoenixsuns 80 away
losangelesclippers 107 losangeleslakers 102 home
bostonceltics 89 atlantahawks 81 away
newyorkknicks 114 orlandomagic 106 away
indianapacers 95 milwaukeebucks 80 home
brooklynnets 113 sacramentokings 93 home
houstonrockets 112 clevelandcavaliers 104 away
portlandtrailblazers 102 minnesotatimberwolves 97 away
neworleanspelicans 99 dallasmavericks 96 away
sanantoniospurs 109 philadelphiaSSers 86 home
denvernuggets 110 utahjazz 91 home
losangelesclippers 115 goldenstatewarriors 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 torontoraptors 92 away
miamiheat 99 washingtonwizards 71 home
charlottehornets 108 detroitpistons 101 away
memphisgrizzlies 92 phoenixsuns 81 away
denvernuggets 112 losangeleslakers 105 away
washingtonwizards 101 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
bostonceltics 102 newyorkknicks 96 away
chicagobulls 118 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
neworleanspelicans 95 sanantoniospurs 88 home
utahjazz 100 dallasmavericks 94 home
memphisgrizzlies 113 sacramentokings 81 away
portlandtrailblazers 125 orlandomagic 119 home
brooklynnets 109 philadelphiaSSers 89 away
indianapacers 87 miamiheat 77 home
milwaukeebucks 108 phoenixsuns 99 home
houstonrockets 125 losangeleslakers 112 home
minnesotatimberwolves 108 atlantahawks 103 home
torontoraptors 90 philadelphiaSSers 72 home
utahjazz 112 charlottehornets 102 away
clevelandcavaliers 99 atlantahawks 83 home
bostonceltics 87 phoenixsuns 79 home
milwaukeebucks 104 chicagobulls 96 away
neworleanspelicans 88 houstonrockets 79 home
sanantoniospurs 108 losangeleslakers 105 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 minnesotatimberwolves 84 home
denvernuggets 108 orlandomagic 105 home
losangelesclippers 99 dallasmavericks 93 home
memphisgrizzlies 94 goldenstatewarriors 87 away
indianapacers 81 newyorkknicks 76 home
dallasmavericks 117 sacramentokings 112 away
portlandtrailblazers 92 miamiheat 90 home
torontoraptors 99 charlottehornets 78 home
bostonceltics 103 houstonrockets 91 home
brooklynnets 99 phoenixsuns 79 home
atlantahawks 103 utahjazz 95 home
chicagobulls 108 newyorkknicks 101 away
memphisgrizzlies 101 sanantoniospurs 98 home
neworleanspelicans 104 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
detroitpistons 103 milwaukeebucks 87 away
denvernuggets 98 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 116 losangeleslakers 101 away
goldenstatewarriors 103 portlandtrailblazers 97 home
orlandomagic 104 losangelesclippers 101 away
washingtonwizards 93 atlantahawks 83 home
indianapacers 96 charlottehornets 88 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 houstonrockets 100 home
utahjazz 90 detroitpistons 87 away
phoenixsuns 97 chicagobulls 81 away
dallasmavericks 104 memphisgrizzlies 83 home
miamiheat 128 sacramentokings 99 away
newyorkknicks 100 neworleanspelicans 87 home
milwaukeebucks 107 torontoraptors 96 away
brooklynnets 97 indianapacers 86 home
sanantoniospurs 106 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
denvernuggets 116 goldenstatewarriors 105 home
oklahomacitythunder 87 portlandtrailblazers 83 away
losangeleslakers 113 clevelandcavaliers 93 home
washingtonwizards 120 orlandomagic 91 home
bostonceltics 100 charlottehornets 89 home
chicagobulls 97 atlantahawks 58 home
losangelesclippers 99 memphisgrizzlies 73 away
dallasmavericks 113 minnesotatimberwolves 98 home
utahjazz 104 miamiheat 97 home
oklahomacitythunder 102 phoenixsuns 90 away
sacramentokings 124 clevelandcavaliers 118 home
neworleanspelicans 111 philadelphiaSSers 99 away
indianapacers 103 charlottehornets 76 away
brooklynnets 113 torontoraptors 106 home
losangelesclippers 117 houstonrockets 109 away
denvernuggets 115 portlandtrailblazers 111 home
losangeleslakers 104 milwaukeebucks 88 home
chicagobulls 107 torontoraptors 105 away
orlandomagic 97 indianapacers 86 home
atlantahawks 109 brooklynnets 95 home
neworleanspelicans 90 bostonceltics 78 away
oklahomacitythunder 117 denvernuggets 97 home
dallasmavericks 105 houstonrockets 100 home
sanantoniospurs 103 memphisgrizzlies 82 home
sacramentokings 95 washingtonwizards 94 home
clevelandcavaliers 93 portlandtrailblazers 88 away
miamiheat 92 goldenstatewarriors 75 away
newyorkknicks 102 detroitpistons 87 away
losangelesclippers 90 minnesotatimberwolves 77 away
milwaukeebucks 98 phoenixsuns 94 away
miamiheat 99 losangeleslakers 90 away
chicagobulls 100 bostonceltics 99 away
philadelphiaSSers 108 torontoraptors 101 home
charlottehornets 106 orlandomagic 100 away
indianapacers 105 houstonrockets 95 home
brooklynnets 94 atlantahawks 89 home
memphisgrizzlies 85 sacramentokings 69 home
sanantoniospurs 95 goldenstatewarriors 88 home
washingtonwizards 112 denvernuggets 108 away
oklahomacitythunder 117 dallasmavericks 114 away
sacramentokings 97 charlottehornets 93 away
sanantoniospurs 98 atlantahawks 93 away
memphisgrizzlies 85 chicagobulls 82 away
goldenstatewarriors 116 neworleanspelicans 112 away
minnesotatimberwolves 92 houstonrockets 79 home
utahjazz 109 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
milwaukeebucks 110 portlandtrailblazers 104 away
losangelesclippers 94 washingtonwizards 87 home
torontoraptors 108 losangeleslakers 103 home
dallasmavericks 111 orlandomagic 105 away
detroitpistons 103 bostonceltics 88 home
denvernuggets 121 oklahomacitythunder 118 home
indianapacers 82 memphisgrizzlies 81 away
neworleanspelicans 114 sacramentokings 105 home
houstonrockets 100 charlottehornets 94 away
atlantahawks 104 minnesotatimberwolves 96 home
brooklynnets 88 newyorkknicks 85 away
goldenstatewarriors 106 losangelesclippers 99 home
sanantoniospurs 90 philadelphiaSSers 85 away
chicagobulls 95 losangeleslakers 83 home
washingtonwizards 98 portlandtrailblazers 95 away
clevelandcavaliers 95 bostonceltics 90 home
detroitpistons 105 orlandomagic 90 home
milwaukeebucks 110 philadelphiaSSers 102 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 losangelesclippers 97 away
atlantahawks 104 charlottehornets 92 away
miamiheat 123 torontoraptors 116 home
chicagobulls 85 detroitpistons 82 home
memphisgrizzlies 106 losangeleslakers 93 home
denvernuggets 105 houstonrockets 95 away
brooklynnets 91 minnesotatimberwolves 83 away
sanantoniospurs 106 neworleanspelicans 102 home
utahjazz 92 washingtonwizards 88 home
phoenixsuns 106 sacramentokings 96 away
portlandtrailblazers 100 indianapacers 80 home
goldenstatewarriors 104 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
torontoraptors 97 orlandomagic 95 away
newyorkknicks 89 bostonceltics 86 away
phoenixsuns 93 losangelesclippers 88 home
washingtonwizards 114 minnesotatimberwolves 101 home
atlantahawks 123 bostonceltics 111 home
miamiheat 110 detroitpistons 88 home
clevelandcavaliers 113 milwaukeebucks 108 home
chicagobulls 103 goldenstatewarriors 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 101 brooklynnets 77 home
houstonrockets 100 neworleanspelicans 82 away
sanantoniospurs 113 dallasmavericks 107 away
oklahomacitythunder 105 sacramentokings 95 away
losangeleslakers 102 utahjazz 84 home
clevelandcavaliers 99 torontoraptors 98 away
philadelphiaSSers 97 newyorkknicks 80 home
washingtonwizards 86 chicagobulls 73 home
charlottehornets 102 minnesotatimberwolves 101 home
houstonrockets 119 brooklynnets 106 home
milwaukeebucks 109 goldenstatewarriors 102 home
sanantoniospurs 108 phoenixsuns 99 home
denvernuggets 121 sacramentokings 93 home
utahjazz 114 indianapacers 110 home
portlandtrailblazers 101 losangelesclippers 100 home
bostonceltics 100 miamiheat 98 home
losangeleslakers 105 oklahomacitythunder 96 home
detroitpistons 104 orlandomagic 102 away
neworleanspelicans 91 memphisgrizzlies 83 away
newyorkknicks 106 atlantahawks 104 home
dallasmavericks 110 phoenixsuns 95 home
losangelesclippers 96 portlandtrailblazers 83 home
goldenstatewarriors 114 torontoraptors 102 away
memphisgrizzlies 103 philadelphiaSSers 100 away
sacramentokings 96 washingtonwizards 94 away
brooklynnets 97 orlandomagic 77 home
chicagobulls 93 charlottehornets 85 home
denvernuggets 102 indianapacers 101 home
houstonrockets 125 utahjazz 80 away
goldenstatewarriors 108 clevelandcavaliers 95 away
milwaukeebucks 117 detroitpistons 90 away
portlandtrailblazers 106 dallasmavericks 104 home
losangeleslakers 111 neworleanspelicans 106 home
philadelphiaSSers 92 washingtonwizards 84 home
indianapacers 98 detroitpistons 79 home
bostonceltics 99 sacramentokings 81 home
newyorkknicks 113 orlandomagic 97 home
atlantahawks 93 torontoraptors 92 home
miamiheat 105 brooklynnets 85 away
chicagobulls 104 milwaukeebucks 88 away
losangelesclippers 96 minnesotatimberwolves 90 away
sanantoniospurs 102 charlottehornets 78 home
denvernuggets 118 houstonrockets 110 home
utahjazz 104 neworleanspelicans 99 home
phoenixsuns 92 losangeleslakers 86 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
goldenstatewarriors 100 dallasmavericks 97 home
memphisgrizzlies 85 washingtonwizards 76 home
denvernuggets 113 neworleanspelicans 98 home
utahjazz 86 portlandtrailblazers 77 home
dallasmavericks 109 phoenixsuns 99 away
losangeleslakers 111 minnesotatimberwolves 100 away
torontoraptors 98 losangelesclippers 73 home
indianapacers 102 miamiheat 89 home
bostonceltics 97 orlandomagic 84 home
brooklynnets 93 chicagobulls 89 home
newyorkknicks 96 milwaukeebucks 86 home
philadelphiaSSers 89 sacramentokings 80 home
detroitpistons 117 clevelandcavaliers 99 home
chicagobulls 93 atlantahawks 76 away
newyorkknicks 120 sacramentokings 81 home
clevelandcavaliers 115 oklahomacitythunder 110 home
houstonrockets 109 charlottehornets 95 home
minnesotatimberwolves 115 neworleanspelicans 86 home
milwaukeebucks 107 orlandomagic 98 home
sanantoniospurs 96 washingtonwizards 86 home
portlandtrailblazers 105 utahjazz 99 home
goldenstatewarriors 113 phoenixsuns 93 home
bostonceltics 106 losangelesclippers 104 home
losangeleslakers 98 detroitpistons 97 away
miamiheat 100 torontoraptors 85 away
philadelphiaSSers 78 orlandomagic 61 home
washingtonwizards 98 losangelesclippers 90 home
newyorkknicks 99 detroitpistons 85 home
miamiheat 99 charlottehornets 94 home
oklahomacitythunder 112 dallasmavericks 91 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
utahjazz 98 sacramentokings 91 home
indianapacers 111 chicagobulls 101 home
indianapacers 114 atlantahawks 103 home
losangeleslakers 92 brooklynnets 83 away
phoenixsuns 96 memphisgrizzlies 90 away
houstonrockets 140 goldenstatewarriors 109 home
denvernuggets 112 milwaukeebucks 104 home
bostonceltics 99 torontoraptors 95 away
indianapacers 88 philadelphiaSSers 69 away
washingtonwizards 106 newyorkknicks 96 home
losangelesclippers 86 orlandomagic 76 away
clevelandcavaliers 122 charlottehornets 95 home
atlantahawks 103 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
miamiheat 114 houstonrockets 108 home
brooklynnets 93 detroitpistons 90 away
neworleanspelicans 93 phoenixsuns 84 home
oklahomacitythunder 119 goldenstatewarriors 98 home
dallasmavericks 105 portlandtrailblazers 99 home
sanantoniospurs 104 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
utahjazz 100 milwaukeebucks 86 home
bostonceltics 116 losangeleslakers 95 home
denvernuggets 128 chicagobulls 96 home
washingtonwizards 89 brooklynnets 74 home
losangeleslakers 100 charlottehornets 93 away
torontoraptors 100 indianapacers 98 away
neworleanspelicans 111 atlantahawks 100 away
detroitpistons 119 sanantoniospurs 109 home
clevelandcavaliers 119 orlandomagic 108 home
miamiheat 111 losangelesclippers 89 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 goldenstatewarriors 93 home
houstonrockets 118 portlandtrailblazers 103 home
oklahomacitythunder 127 phoenixsuns 96 home
newyorkknicks 100 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
chicagobulls 93 utahjazz 89 away
denvernuggets 111 clevelandcavaliers 103 away
philadelphiaSSers 87 charlottehornets 76 home
detroitpistons 105 milwaukeebucks 100 away
dallasmavericks 116 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
sacramentokings 120 utahjazz 109 home
losangelesclippers 102 newyorkknicks 88 away
miamiheat 107 losangeleslakers 97 home
bostonceltics 118 denvernuggets 114 home
torontoraptors 102 neworleanspelicans 89 home
orlandomagic 110 portlandtrailblazers 104 home
memphisgrizzlies 105 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
sanantoniospurs 111 brooklynnets 86 away
oklahomacitythunder 97 phoenixsuns 69 away
sacramentokings 117 houstonrockets 111 home
losangelesclippers 107 philadelphiaSSers 90 away
charlottehornets 94 bostonceltics 91 home
minnesotatimberwolves 100 clevelandcavaliers 92 away
brooklynnets 89 indianapacers 84 away
neworleanspelicans 105 detroitpistons 86 away
sanantoniospurs 103 chicagobulls 89 away
washingtonwizards 102 milwaukeebucks 90 away
atlantahawks 105 dallasmavericks 101 away
torontoraptors 109 denvernuggets 108 home
miamiheat 117 portlandtrailblazers 104 home
memphisgrizzlies 108 sacramentokings 101 home
utahjazz 109 oklahomacitythunder 94 home
losangeleslakers 91 phoenixsuns 85 home
houstonrockets 116 goldenstatewarriors 107 away
atlantahawks 108 orlandomagic 76 away
sanantoniospurs 96 clevelandcavaliers 95 away
indianapacers 101 charlottehornets 77 home
bostonceltics 71 chicagobulls 69 home
brooklynnets 119 denvernuggets 108 home
torontoraptors 92 newyorkknicks 88 away
detroitpistons 96 washingtonwizards 85 home
milwaukeebucks 94 philadelphiaSSers 92 home
neworleanspelicans 99 portlandtrailblazers 63 home
utahjazz 97 minnesotatimberwolves 93 away
dallasmavericks 123 sacramentokings 100 home
losangelesclippers 106 houstonrockets 96 home
miamiheat 110 oklahomacitythunder 100 away
losangelesclippers 125 losangeleslakers 101 home
torontoraptors 96 washingtonwizards 88 away
charlottehornets 105 orlandomagic 92 away
brooklynnets 113 milwaukeebucks 111 home
memphisgrizzlies 105 detroitpistons 91 away
chicagobulls 96 neworleanspelicans 87 away
denvernuggets 97 bostonceltics 90 home
utahjazz 115 goldenstatewarriors 101 home
sanantoniospurs 108 sacramentokings 102 away
phoenixsuns 102 portlandtrailblazers 98 away
memphisgrizzlies 88 torontoraptors 82 away
detroitpistons 105 charlottehornets 99 away
clevelandcavaliers 105 neworleanspelicans 100 home
indianapacers 125 newyorkknicks 91 home
miamiheat 103 atlantahawks 90 away
brooklynnets 97 milwaukeebucks 94 away
houstonrockets 122 oklahomacitythunder 119 home
minnesotatimberwolves 94 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
dallasmavericks 111 orlandomagic 96 home
losangeleslakers 113 bostonceltics 99 home
goldenstatewarriors 108 phoenixsuns 98 home
miamiheat 86 chicagobulls 67 away
sanantoniospurs 116 losangelesclippers 90 away
torontoraptors 100 newyorkknicks 98 home
washingtonwizards 119 denvernuggets 113 home
chicagobulls 105 charlottehornets 75 away
indianapacers 114 detroitpistons 82 home
houstonrockets 106 brooklynnets 96 away
atlantahawks 122 sacramentokings 108 home
memphisgrizzlies 88 orlandomagic 82 home
dallasmavericks 104 neworleanspelicans 100 away
oklahomacitythunder 127 minnesotatimberwolves 111 home
bostonceltics 113 phoenixsuns 88 away
losangeleslakers 111 portlandtrailblazers 107 home
goldenstatewarriors 107 sanantoniospurs 101 home
washingtonwizards 105 houstonrockets 103 home
denvernuggets 113 charlottehornets 99 away
clevelandcavaliers 118 orlandomagic 94 away
miamiheat 114 philadelphiaSSers 90 away
indianapacers 90 detroitpistons 72 away
atlantahawks 103 milwaukeebucks 102 away
losangelesclippers 107 utahjazz 94 home
losangeleslakers 103 dallasmavericks 99 away
memphisgrizzlies 76 brooklynnets 72 away
goldenstatewarriors 100 minnesotatimberwolves 99 away
miamiheat 109 clevelandcavaliers 105 home
neworleanspelicans 110 sacramentokings 95 home
newyorkknicks 99 philadelphiaSSers 93 home
sanantoniospurs 97 phoenixsuns 87 away
portlandtrailblazers 92 bostonceltics 86 home
oklahomacitythunder 102 chicagobulls 72 home
washingtonwizards 90 torontoraptors 84 away
atlantahawks 114 detroitpistons 103 away
denvernuggets 119 losangeleslakers 108 home
bostonceltics 110 utahjazz 107 away
orlandomagic 98 philadelphiaSSers 84 away
indianapacers 108 goldenstatewarriors 97 home
miamiheat 141 sacramentokings 129 home
clevelandcavaliers 101 chicagobulls 98 away
brooklynnets 101 neworleanspelicans 97 away
milwaukeebucks 95 dallasmavericks 90 away
phoenixsuns 84 minnesotatimberwolves 83 home
losangelesclippers 106 charlottehornets 84 home
sacramentokings 125 orlandomagic 101 away
clevelandcavaliers 103 torontoraptors 92 home
newyorkknicks 109 goldenstatewarriors 105 home
detroitpistons 96 washingtonwizards 95 away
memphisgrizzlies 90 dallasmavericks 84 home
milwaukeebucks 110 houstonrockets 107 away
oklahomacitythunder 119 neworleanspelicans 74 home
phoenixsuns 105 sanantoniospurs 101 away
atlantahawks 102 utahjazz 91 away
denvernuggets 111 portlandtrailblazers 109 away
losangelesclippers 99 indianapacers 91 away
chicagobulls 93 philadelphiaSSers 82 home
losangeleslakers 116 minnesotatimberwolves 94 home
indianapacers 93 torontoraptors 81 away
newyorkknicks 96 washingtonwizards 88 away
houstonrockets 118 orlandomagic 110 away
bostonceltics 94 goldenstatewarriors 86 home
miamiheat 98 memphisgrizzlies 91 home
losangelesclippers 105 clevelandcavaliers 89 away
dallasmavericks 98 brooklynnets 90 away
neworleanspelicans 100 detroitpistons 95 home
sanantoniospurs 130 sacramentokings 102 home
utahjazz 98 charlottehornets 68 home
phoenixsuns 92 atlantahawks 87 home
denvernuggets 105 oklahomacitythunder 103 home
philadelphiaSSers 104 goldenstatewarriors 97 home
chicagobulls 96 brooklynnets 85 home
milwaukeebucks 122 torontoraptors 114 home
portlandtrailblazers 109 minnesotatimberwolves 94 home
miamiheat 99 newyorkknicks 93 away
oklahomacitythunder 108 losangelesclippers 104 away
washingtonwizards 90 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 108 orlandomagic 82 away
sacramentokings 119 charlottehornets 83 home
houstonrockets 136 dallasmavericks 103 home
sanantoniospurs 114 detroitpistons 75 home
indianapacers 97 chicagobulls 92 home
losangeleslakers 99 atlantahawks 98 home
newyorkknicks 102 clevelandcavaliers 97 away
milwaukeebucks 109 utahjazz 108 home
orlandomagic 105 neworleanspelicans 102 away
miamiheat 97 minnesotatimberwolves 81 away
denvernuggets 104 atlantahawks 88 home
portlandtrailblazers 122 charlottehornets 105 home
goldenstatewarriors 125 torontoraptors 118 home
bostonceltics 109 philadelphiaSSers 101 away
oklahomacitythunder 122 losangeleslakers 105 home
denvernuggets 120 sacramentokings 113 away
brooklynnets 99 charlottehornets 78 away
clevelandcavaliers 104 utahjazz 101 home
bostonceltics 83 indianapacers 81 away
atlantahawks 107 philadelphiaSSers 96 home
miamiheat 97 orlandomagic 96 home
newyorkknicks 87 detroitpistons 77 away
memphisgrizzlies 91 portlandtrailblazers 85 home
losangeleslakers 108 neworleanspelicans 102 away
minnesotatimberwolves 87 washingtonwizards 82 home
dallasmavericks 112 houstonrockets 108 home
sanantoniospurs 101 chicagobulls 83 home
torontoraptors 98 phoenixsuns 71 away
losangelesclippers 117 milwaukeebucks 101 home
goldenstatewarriors 87 sacramentokings 83 home
oklahomacitythunder 95 newyorkknicks 94 away
denvernuggets 107 losangelesclippers 92 home
oklahomacitythunder 116 charlottehornets 94 away
indianapacers 115 orlandomagic 86 away
bostonceltics 107 atlantahawks 102 home
brooklynnets 95 washingtonwizards 78 home
dallasmavericks 102 detroitpistons 99 away
memphisgrizzlies 103 clevelandcavaliers 92 away
miamiheat 102 philadelphiaSSers 93 home
chicagobulls 89 utahjazz 88 home
portlandtrailblazers 136 sanantoniospurs 106 away
sacramentokings 121 phoenixsuns 112 home
losangeleslakers 118 torontoraptors 116 home
houstonrockets 94 goldenstatewarriors 88 away
brooklynnets 93 atlantahawks 80 away
newyorkknicks 113 utahjazz 84 home
washingtonwizards 104 charlottehornets 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 96 neworleanspelicans 85 home
denvernuggets 111 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
phoenixsuns 107 houstonrockets 105 home
milwaukeebucks 103 goldenstatewarriors 93 away
oklahomacitythunder 91 bostonceltics 79 home
losangeleslakers 90 chicagobulls 81 home
torontoraptors 100 clevelandcavaliers 96 home
orlandomagic 99 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
miamiheat 105 indianapacers 91 home
neworleanspelicans 98 portlandtrailblazers 96 home
dallasmavericks 100 minnesotatimberwolves 77 away
milwaukeebucks 115 sacramentokings 113 away
losangelesclippers 129 detroitpistons 97 home
goldenstatewarriors 92 newyorkknicks 63 home
philadelphiaSSers 106 brooklynnets 97 home
sanantoniospurs 105 oklahomacitythunder 93 home
utahjazz 103 detroitpistons 90 home
denvernuggets 108 phoenixsuns 93 away
charlottehornets 100 bostonceltics 74 home
losangeleslakers 106 orlandomagic 97 away
clevelandcavaliers 95 washingtonwizards 90 home
brooklynnets 108 neworleanspelicans 98 home
miamiheat 98 atlantahawks 81 home
dallasmavericks 115 milwaukeebucks 108 away
minnesotatimberwolves 107 sanantoniospurs 83 home
memphisgrizzlies 102 portlandtrailblazers 97 away
miamiheat 98 philadelphiaSSers 94 away
washingtonwizards 106 milwaukeebucks 93 home
indianapacers 107 minnesotatimberwolves 91 home
bostonceltics 112 torontoraptors 88 home
atlantahawks 96 losangeleslakers 92 home
houstonrockets 111 phoenixsuns 81 home
oklahomacitythunder 110 utahjazz 87 home
sacramentokings 121 chicagobulls 79 home
denvernuggets 117 newyorkknicks 94 home
memphisgrizzlies 96 losangelesclippers 85 away
goldenstatewarriors 105 detroitpistons 97 home
sanantoniospurs 92 dallasmavericks 91 home
portlandtrailblazers 105 newyorkknicks 90 home
torontoraptors 92 charlottehornets 78 home
washingtonwizards 96 neworleanspelicans 87 home
losangeleslakers 99 indianapacers 93 away
atlantahawks 107 phoenixsuns 94 home
houstonrockets 108 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
oklahomacitythunder 117 orlandomagic 104 home
miamiheat 107 milwaukeebucks 94 away
dallasmavericks 96 clevelandcavaliers 86 home
denvernuggets 87 memphisgrizzlies 80 home
chicagobulls 113 goldenstatewarriors 95 away
washingtonwizards 127 phoenixsuns 105 home
bostonceltics 105 charlottehornets 88 home
philadelphiaSSers 98 indianapacers 91 home
sanantoniospurs 119 clevelandcavaliers 113 home
utahjazz 90 memphisgrizzlies 84 home
portlandtrailblazers 112 detroitpistons 101 home
miamiheat 108 torontoraptors 91 away
milwaukeebucks 115 orlandomagic 109 home
losangelesclippers 93 newyorkknicks 80 home
goldenstatewarriors 108 houstonrockets 78 away
minnesotatimberwolves 97 neworleanspelicans 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 107 dallasmavericks 101 away
atlantahawks 105 brooklynnets 93 away
losangeleslakers 113 sacramentokings 102 home
philadelphiaSSers 101 portlandtrailblazers 100 home
charlottehornets 119 washingtonwizards 114 home
indianapacers 111 clevelandcavaliers 90 away
dallasmavericks 127 atlantahawks 113 away
brooklynnets 119 detroitpistons 82 away
miamiheat 105 bostonceltics 103 away
denvernuggets 119 chicagobulls 118 away
memphisgrizzlies 92 minnesotatimberwolves 77 home
goldenstatewarriors 93 neworleanspelicans 72 away
phoenixsuns 99 losangeleslakers 76 home
newyorkknicks 90 utahjazz 83 away
indianapacers 95 orlandomagic 73 home
milwaukeebucks 102 portlandtrailblazers 95 home
denvernuggets 114 oklahomacitythunder 104 away
sacramentokings 116 losangelesclippers 101 home
charlottehornets 107 torontoraptors 101 home
miamiheat 98 clevelandcavaliers 95 away
newyorkknicks 106 orlandomagic 94 home
atlantahawks 98 milwaukeebucks 90 home
memphisgrizzlies 90 oklahomacitythunder 89 home
neworleanspelicans 87 bostonceltics 86 home
houstonrockets 100 utahjazz 93 home
brooklynnets 113 dallasmavericks 96 away
sanantoniospurs 104 goldenstatewarriors 93 home
washingtonwizards 88 phoenixsuns 79 away
losangelesclippers 101 philadelphiaSSers 72 home
portlandtrailblazers 99 chicagobulls 89 away
denvernuggets 101 philadelphiaSSers 100 home
sacramentokings 101 minnesotatimberwolves 98 home
newyorkknicks 99 torontoraptors 94 away
oklahomacitythunder 97 orlandomagic 89 away
indianapacers 102 milwaukeebucks 78 home
portlandtrailblazers 104 atlantahawks 93 away
miamiheat 103 detroitpistons 89 home
neworleanspelicans 90 memphisgrizzlies 83 home
houstonrockets 116 clevelandcavaliers 78 home
dallasmavericks 104 bostonceltics 94 home
sanantoniospurs 104 utahjazz 97 home
minnesotatimberwolves 117 phoenixsuns 86 away
washingtonwizards 103 losangeleslakers 100 away
detroitpistons 92 charlottehornets 91 away
newyorkknicks 110 torontoraptors 84 home
chicagobulls 87 indianapacers 84 home
memphisgrizzlies 110 bostonceltics 106 home
denvernuggets 101 sacramentokings 95 home
losangelesclippers 101 brooklynnets 95 home
goldenstatewarriors 101 washingtonwizards 92 home
atlantahawks 104 milwaukeebucks 99 away
miamiheat 109 charlottehornets 77 home
houstonrockets 96 sanantoniospurs 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 portlandtrailblazers 83 home
chicagobulls 104 minnesotatimberwolves 97 away
dallasmavericks 113 utahjazz 108 home
brooklynnets 102 phoenixsuns 100 away
philadelphiaSSers 117 sacramentokings 103 away
washingtonwizards 107 memphisgrizzlies 94 home
miamiheat 108 orlandomagic 94 away
indianapacers 100 atlantahawks 94 home
neworleanspelicans 110 denvernuggets 86 home
utahjazz 107 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
goldenstatewarriors 109 losangeleslakers 103 home
newyorkknicks 100 bostonceltics 85 away
minnesotatimberwolves 105 detroitpistons 82 away
dallasmavericks 109 losangelesclippers 102 home
atlantahawks 107 torontoraptors 88 away
philadelphiaSSers 100 milwaukeebucks 92 home
charlottehornets 114 orlandomagic 108 home
bostonceltics 93 clevelandcavaliers 92 away
newyorkknicks 108 memphisgrizzlies 101 home
chicagobulls 101 miamiheat 97 home
losangelesclippers 105 neworleanspelicans 91 away
indianapacers 100 houstonrockets 91 away
oklahomacitythunder 103 washingtonwizards 80 home
losangeleslakers 120 minnesotatimberwolves 117 away
sanantoniospurs 100 denvernuggets 99 home
utahjazz 103 phoenixsuns 88 home
sacramentokings 105 goldenstatewarriors 98 away
brooklynnets 111 portlandtrailblazers 93 away
milwaukeebucks 113 losangeleslakers 103 home
indianapacers 103 dallasmavericks 78 away
sacramentokings 117 phoenixsuns 103 away
orlandomagic 97 washingtonwizards 92 home
bostonceltics 118 atlantahawks 107 home
newyorkknicks 111 charlottehornets 102 home
torontoraptors 99 detroitpistons 82 away
philadelphiaSSers 97 clevelandcavaliers 87 away
memphisgrizzlies 103 houstonrockets 94 home
miamiheat 108 neworleanspelicans 89 away
minnesotatimberwolves 101 oklahomacitythunder 93 home
sanantoniospurs 104 losangelesclippers 102 home
denvernuggets 109 brooklynnets 87 home
utahjazz 105 portlandtrailblazers 95 away
dallasmavericks 100 chicagobulls 98 home
atlantahawks 97 orlandomagic 88 home
philadelphiaSSers 100 charlottehornets 92 home
houstonrockets 98 losangelesclippers 81 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 minnesotatimberwolves 86 away
oklahomacitythunder 109 milwaukeebucks 99 away
utahjazz 116 brooklynnets 107 home
indianapacers 112 phoenixsuns 104 away
losangeleslakers 103 sacramentokings 98 away
goldenstatewarriors 125 portlandtrailblazers 98 home
washingtonwizards 109 torontoraptors 92 home
neworleanspelicans 112 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
chicagobulls 95 detroitpistons 94 home
miamiheat 88 sanantoniospurs 86 away
newyorkknicks 108 bostonceltics 89 home
detroitpistons 108 torontoraptors 98 away
atlantahawks 102 clevelandcavaliers 94 home
milwaukeebucks 131 charlottehornets 102 home
memphisgrizzlies 92 sanantoniospurs 90 home
houstonrockets 111 orlandomagic 103 home
minnesotatimberwolves 110 bostonceltics 100 home
utahjazz 112 portlandtrailblazers 102 home
indianapacers 109 losangelesclippers 106 away
washingtonwizards 90 chicagobulls 86 home
newyorkknicks 102 miamiheat 90 away
losangeleslakers 101 dallasmavericks 81 home
torontoraptors 88 washingtonwizards 78 home
charlottehornets 88 philadelphiaSSers 83 home
newyorkknicks 95 atlantahawks 82 away
brooklynnets 113 clevelandcavaliers 95 away
bostonceltics 98 detroitpistons 93 home
minnesotatimberwolves 107 milwaukeebucks 98 away
sanantoniospurs 98 orlandomagic 84 home
denvernuggets 113 utahjazz 96 away
houstonrockets 112 sacramentokings 102 away
memphisgrizzlies 94 portlandtrailblazers 76 away
losangelesclippers 126 phoenixsuns 101 home
goldenstatewarriors 98 neworleanspelicans 88 home
chicagobulls 92 brooklynnets 90 away
denvernuggets 95 dallasmavericks 94 home
oklahomacitythunder 100 sanantoniospurs 88 home
miamiheat 89 charlottehornets 79 away
clevelandcavaliers 97 bostonceltics 91 away
newyorkknicks 101 milwaukeebucks 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 101 atlantahawks 90 away
oklahomacitythunder 97 indianapacers 75 away
chicagobulls 87 orlandomagic 86 home
torontoraptors 95 minnesotatimberwolves 93 away
utahjazz 95 neworleanspelicans 83 home
goldenstatewarriors 111 phoenixsuns 107 away
dallasmavericks 117 sacramentokings 108 away
houstonrockets 116 portlandtrailblazers 98 away
losangeleslakers 86 memphisgrizzlies 84 home
washingtonwizards 104 indianapacers 85 home
brooklynnets 105 charlottehornets 96 home
miamiheat 106 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
minnesotatimberwolves 107 detroitpistons 101 home
milwaukeebucks 100 torontoraptors 83 home
sanantoniospurs 99 atlantahawks 97 home
denvernuggets 132 houstonrockets 114 home
newyorkknicks 125 oklahomacitythunder 120 away
losangelesclippers 109 losangeleslakers 95 home
bostonceltics 107 washingtonwizards 96 home
clevelandcavaliers 91 orlandomagic 85 home
memphisgrizzlies 89 sacramentokings 87 away
detroitpistons 99 chicagobulls 85 home
utahjazz 97 goldenstatewarriors 90 away
neworleanspelicans 95 phoenixsuns 92 away
dallasmavericks 96 portlandtrailblazers 91 away
indianapacers 99 clevelandcavaliers 94 home
brooklynnets 104 philadelphiaSSers 83 home
newyorkknicks 120 washingtonwizards 99 home
miamiheat 94 milwaukeebucks 83 home
torontoraptors 101 chicagobulls 98 away
memphisgrizzlies 94 charlottehornets 75 home
houstonrockets 101 phoenixsuns 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 90 utahjazz 80 away
losangeleslakers 104 neworleanspelicans 96 home
goldenstatewarriors 105 minnesotatimberwolves 89 home
atlantahawks 124 philadelphiaSSers 101 away
miamiheat 103 washingtonwizards 98 away
orlandomagic 113 milwaukeebucks 103 home
detroitpistons 111 clevelandcavaliers 104 away
brooklynnets 101 bostonceltics 93 away
phoenixsuns 102 dallasmavericks 91 away
sacramentokings 121 neworleanspelicans 110 home
losangeleslakers 113 portlandtrailblazers 106 away
denvernuggets 96 sanantoniospurs 86 home
losangelesclippers 111 minnesotatimberwolves 95 home
chicagobulls 118 newyorkknicks 111 home
oklahomacitythunder 116 goldenstatewarriors 97 away
torontoraptors 97 chicagobulls 88 home
philadelphiaSSers 97 washingtonwizards 86 away
brooklynnets 117 indianapacers 109 away
atlantahawks 109 milwaukeebucks 104 home
miamiheat 109 bostonceltics 101 home
detroitpistons 113 charlottehornets 93 home
newyorkknicks 101 clevelandcavaliers 91 away
losangelesclippers 96 neworleanspelicans 93 away
memphisgrizzlies 82 houstonrockets 78 away
dallasmavericks 108 denvernuggets 105 home
sanantoniospurs 108 sacramentokings 101 home
utahjazz 107 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 portlandtrailblazers 90 away
losangeleslakers 118 goldenstatewarriors 116 home
charlottehornets 95 milwaukeebucks 85 home
bostonceltics 120 orlandomagic 88 away
losangelesclippers 91 memphisgrizzlies 87 away
minnesotatimberwolves 105 phoenixsuns 93 home
miamiheat 105 chicagobulls 93 home
torontoraptors 93 brooklynnets 87 home
newyorkknicks 90 indianapacers 80 home
philadelphiaSSers 91 clevelandcavaliers 77 home
denvernuggets 118 portlandtrailblazers 109 home
dallasmavericks 107 neworleanspelicans 89 away
houstonrockets 121 sacramentokings 100 home
losangeleslakers 91 sanantoniospurs 86 home
chicagobulls 102 orlandomagic 84 away
miamiheat 96 clevelandcavaliers 95 away
brooklynnets 106 washingtonwizards 101 home
detroitpistons 109 philadelphiaSSers 101 home
denvernuggets 112 milwaukeebucks 111 away
memphisgrizzlies 103 dallasmavericks 97 away
oklahomacitythunder 104 sacramentokings 95 home
utahjazz 96 minnesotatimberwolves 80 away
phoenixsuns 119 houstonrockets 112 home
goldenstatewarriors 116 sanantoniospurs 106 home
charlottehornets 106 newyorkknicks 95 home
torontoraptors 113 atlantahawks 96 away
losangelesclippers 93 portlandtrailblazers 77 home
torontoraptors 114 bostonceltics 90 home
brooklynnets 103 detroitpistons 99 home
newyorkknicks 98 atlantahawks 92 home
charlottehornets 105 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
miamiheat 105 orlandomagic 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 105 indianapacers 95 away
chicagobulls 95 washingtonwizards 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 86 utahjazz 70 home
dallasmavericks 99 neworleanspelicans 87 home
minnesotatimberwolves 108 sanantoniospurs 95 away
milwaukeebucks 95 oklahomacitythunder 89 away
denvernuggets 118 phoenixsuns 98 home
losangeleslakers 99 houstonrockets 95 home
losangelesclippers 112 sacramentokings 108 away
goldenstatewarriors 99 portlandtrailblazers 88 away
playoffs
newyorkknicks 85 bostonceltics 78 home
brooklynnets 106 chicagobulls 89 home
losangelesclippers 112 memphisgrizzlies 91 home
denvernuggets 97 goldenstatewarriors 95 home
miamiheat 110 milwaukeebucks 87 home
indianapacers 107 atlantahawks 90 home
sanantoniospurs 91 losangeleslakers 79 home
oklahomacitythunder 120 houstonrockets 91 home
chicagobulls 90 brooklynnets 82 away
losangelesclippers 93 memphisgrizzlies 91 home
miamiheat 98 milwaukeebucks 86 home
newyorkknicks 87 bostonceltics 71 home
goldenstatewarriors 131 denvernuggets 117 away
indianapacers 113 atlantahawks 98 home
sanantoniospurs 102 losangeleslakers 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 105 houstonrockets 102 home
miamiheat 104 milwaukeebucks 91 away
chicagobulls 79 brooklynnets 76 home
memphisgrizzlies 94 losangelesclippers 82 home
newyorkknicks 90 bostonceltics 76 away
sanantoniospurs 120 losangeleslakers 89 away
goldenstatewarriors 110 denvernuggets 108 home
atlantahawks 90 indianapacers 69 home
chicagobulls 142 brooklynnets 134 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 houstonrockets 101 away
memphisgrizzlies 104 losangelesclippers 83 home
miamiheat 88 milwaukeebucks 77 away
bostonceltics 97 newyorkknicks 90 home
sanantoniospurs 103 losangeleslakers 82 away
goldenstatewarriors 115 denvernuggets 101 home
atlantahawks 102 indianapacers 91 home
brooklynnets 110 chicagobulls 91 home
houstonrockets 105 oklahomacitythunder 103 home
memphisgrizzlies 103 losangelesclippers 93 away
denvernuggets 107 goldenstatewarriors 100 home
bostonceltics 92 newyorkknicks 86 away
indianapacers 106 atlantahawks 83 home
houstonrockets 107 oklahomacitythunder 100 away
brooklynnets 95 chicagobulls 92 away
goldenstatewarriors 92 denvernuggets 88 home
newyorkknicks 88 bostonceltics 80 away
indianapacers 81 atlantahawks 73 away
oklahomacitythunder 103 houstonrockets 94 away
memphisgrizzlies 118 losangelesclippers 105 home
chicagobulls 99 brooklynnets 93 away
oklahomacitythunder 93 memphisgrizzlies 91 home
indianapacers 102 newyorkknicks 95 away
chicagobulls 93 miamiheat 86 away
sanantoniospurs 129 goldenstatewarriors 127 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
newyorkknicks 105 indianapacers 79 home
miamiheat 115 chicagobulls 78 home
goldenstatewarriors 100 sanantoniospurs 91 away
sanantoniospurs 102 goldenstatewarriors 92 away
miamiheat 104 chicagobulls 94 away
memphisgrizzlies 87 oklahomacitythunder 81 home
indianapacers 82 newyorkknicks 71 home
goldenstatewarriors 97 sanantoniospurs 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 103 oklahomacitythunder 97 home
miamiheat 88 chicagobulls 65 away
sanantoniospurs 109 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
indianapacers 93 newyorkknicks 82 home
memphisgrizzlies 88 oklahomacitythunder 84 away
miamiheat 94 chicagobulls 91 home
sanantoniospurs 94 goldenstatewarriors 82 away
newyorkknicks 85 indianapacers 75 home
indianapacers 106 newyorkknicks 99 home
sanantoniospurs 105 memphisgrizzlies 83 home
sanantoniospurs 93 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
miamiheat 103 indianapacers 102 home
indianapacers 97 miamiheat 93 away
sanantoniospurs 104 memphisgrizzlies 93 away
miamiheat 114 indianapacers 96 away
sanantoniospurs 93 memphisgrizzlies 86 away
indianapacers 99 miamiheat 92 home
miamiheat 90 indianapacers 79 home
indianapacers 91 miamiheat 77 home
miamiheat 99 indianapacers 76 home
sanantoniospurs 92 miamiheat 88 away
miamiheat 103 sanantoniospurs 84 home
sanantoniospurs 113 miamiheat 77 home
miamiheat 109 sanantoniospurs 93 away
sanantoniospurs 114 miamiheat 104 home
miamiheat 103 sanantoniospurs 100 home
miamiheat 95 sanantoniospurs 88 home
yearEnd
indianapacers 97 orlandomagic 87 home
miamiheat 107 chicagobulls 95 home
losangeleslakers 116 losangelesclippers 103 home
clevelandcavaliers 98 brooklynnets 94 home
philadelphiaSSers 114 miamiheat 110 home
torontoraptors 93 bostonceltics 87 home
detroitpistons 113 washingtonwizards 102 home
newyorkknicks 90 milwaukeebucks 83 home
houstonrockets 96 charlottehornets 83 home
minnesotatimberwolves 120 orlandomagic 115 home
indianapacers 95 neworleanspelicans 90 away
dallasmavericks 118 atlantahawks 109 home
sanantoniospurs 101 memphisgrizzlies 94 home
oklahomacitythunder 101 utahjazz 98 away
phoenixsuns 104 portlandtrailblazers 91 home
sacramentokings 90 denvernuggets 88 home
goldenstatewarriors 125 losangeleslakers 94 home
chicagobulls 82 newyorkknicks 81 home
losangelesclippers 126 goldenstatewarriors 115 home
charlottehornets 90 clevelandcavaliers 84 home
orlandomagic 110 neworleanspelicans 90 home
philadelphiaSSers 109 washingtonwizards 102 away
atlantahawks 102 torontoraptors 95 home
milwaukeebucks 105 bostonceltics 98 away
houstonrockets 113 dallasmavericks 105 home
memphisgrizzlies 111 detroitpistons 108 home
minnesotatimberwolves 100 oklahomacitythunder 81 home
brooklynnets 101 miamiheat 100 home
portlandtrailblazers 113 denvernuggets 98 away
phoenixsuns 87 utahjazz 84 home
losangelesclippers 110 sacramentokings 101 away
sanantoniospurs 91 losangeleslakers 85 away
indianapacers 89 clevelandcavaliers 74 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 chicagobulls 104 home
neworleanspelicans 105 charlottehornets 84 home
dallasmavericks 111 memphisgrizzlies 99 home
torontoraptors 97 milwaukeebucks 90 away
houstonrockets 104 utahjazz 93 away
portlandtrailblazers 115 sanantoniospurs 105 home
goldenstatewarriors 98 sacramentokings 87 home
detroitpistons 87 bostonceltics 77 home
miamiheat 103 washingtonwizards 93 home
orlandomagic 107 brooklynnets 86 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 phoenixsuns 96 home
minnesotatimberwolves 109 newyorkknicks 100 away
losangeleslakers 105 atlantahawks 103 home
clevelandcavaliers 93 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
goldenstatewarriors 110 philadelphiaSSers 90 away
memphisgrizzlies 95 bostonceltics 88 home
losangelesclippers 137 houstonrockets 118 home
miamiheat 104 torontoraptors 95 away
brooklynnets 104 utahjazz 88 home
indianapacers 99 detroitpistons 91 away
charlottehornets 102 newyorkknicks 97 away
phoenixsuns 104 neworleanspelicans 98 away
dallasmavericks 123 losangeleslakers 104 home
sanantoniospurs 102 denvernuggets 94 away
houstonrockets 116 portlandtrailblazers 101 away
atlantahawks 105 sacramentokings 100 away
charlottehornets 92 torontoraptors 90 home
indianapacers 97 chicagobulls 80 home
orlandomagic 98 losangelesclippers 90 home
washingtonwizards 116 philadelphiaSSers 102 away
bostonceltics 97 utahjazz 87 home
neworleanspelicans 99 memphisgrizzlies 84 away
milwaukeebucks 109 clevelandcavaliers 104 home
goldenstatewarriors 106 minnesotatimberwolves 93 away
sanantoniospurs 99 phoenixsuns 96 home
oklahomacitythunder 107 dallasmavericks 93 home
miamiheat 102 losangelesclippers 97 home
denvernuggets 109 atlantahawks 107 home
losangeleslakers 99 houstonrockets 98 away
newyorkknicks 101 charlottehornets 91 away
indianapacers 91 torontoraptors 84 home
bostonceltics 91 orlandomagic 89 away
philadelphiaSSers 94 clevelandcavaliers 79 home
washingtonwizards 112 brooklynnets 108 home
oklahomacitythunder 119 detroitpistons 110 away
chicagobulls 97 utahjazz 73 home
minnesotatimberwolves 116 dallasmavericks 108 home
neworleanspelicans 96 losangeleslakers 85 home
sanantoniospurs 76 goldenstatewarriors 74 home
phoenixsuns 114 denvernuggets 103 home
portlandtrailblazers 104 sacramentokings 91 home
torontoraptors 115 utahjazz 91 home
atlantahawks 104 orlandomagic 94 home
indianapacers 96 brooklynnets 91 away
clevelandcavaliers 127 philadelphiaSSers 125 home
bostonceltics 111 miamiheat 110 away
losangelesclippers 107 houstonrockets 94 away
memphisgrizzlies 108 goldenstatewarriors 90 home
dallasmavericks 91 milwaukeebucks 83 away
portlandtrailblazers 96 sacramentokings 85 away
sanantoniospurs 120 newyorkknicks 89 away
oklahomacitythunder 106 washingtonwizards 105 home
phoenixsuns 101 neworleanspelicans 94 home
minnesotatimberwolves 113 losangeleslakers 90 away
atlantahawks 103 charlottehornets 94 away
indianapacers 95 memphisgrizzlies 79 home
sanantoniospurs 109 philadelphiaSSers 85 away
bostonceltics 120 orlandomagic 105 home
chicagobulls 96 clevelandcavaliers 81 home
houstonrockets 110 torontoraptors 104 home
denvernuggets 100 utahjazz 81 away
portlandtrailblazers 109 detroitpistons 103 home
losangelesclippers 109 minnesotatimberwolves 107 home
miamiheat 118 milwaukeebucks 95 home
dallasmavericks 105 washingtonwizards 95 home
goldenstatewarriors 113 detroitpistons 95 home
losangeleslakers 116 neworleanspelicans 95 home
orlandomagic 94 milwaukeebucks 91 home
philadelphiaSSers 123 houstonrockets 117 home
charlottehornets 89 bostonceltics 83 away
torontoraptors 103 memphisgrizzlies 87 away
minnesotatimberwolves 124 clevelandcavaliers 95 home
newyorkknicks 95 atlantahawks 91 away
sanantoniospurs 92 washingtonwizards 79 home
denvernuggets 111 losangeleslakers 99 home
utahjazz 111 neworleanspelicans 105 home
portlandtrailblazers 90 phoenixsuns 89 home
sacramentokings 107 brooklynnets 86 home
losangelesclippers 111 oklahomacitythunder 103 home
houstonrockets 109 newyorkknicks 106 away
goldenstatewarriors 116 oklahomacitythunder 115 home
indianapacers 104 milwaukeebucks 77 home
chicagobulls 96 torontoraptors 80 away
atlantahawks 113 philadelphiaSSers 103 home
portlandtrailblazers 109 bostonceltics 96 away
charlottehornets 86 clevelandcavaliers 80 away
miamiheat 110 dallasmavericks 104 home
denvernuggets 117 minnesotatimberwolves 113 home
brooklynnets 100 phoenixsuns 98 away
sanantoniospurs 91 utahjazz 82 away
memphisgrizzlies 89 losangeleslakers 86 away
detroitpistons 97 sacramentokings 90 away
miamiheat 97 charlottehornets 81 away
dallasmavericks 108 orlandomagic 100 away
clevelandcavaliers 103 washingtonwizards 96 away
atlantahawks 110 newyorkknicks 90 away
chicagobulls 110 indianapacers 94 home
houstonrockets 122 denvernuggets 111 home
minnesotatimberwolves 106 bostonceltics 88 home
neworleanspelicans 135 philadelphiaSSers 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 92 milwaukeebucks 79 away
goldenstatewarriors 102 utahjazz 88 home
losangelesclippers 110 brooklynnets 103 home
portlandtrailblazers 118 torontoraptors 110 away
memphisgrizzlies 97 sacramentokings 86 away
losangeleslakers 114 detroitpistons 99 home
portlandtrailblazers 108 brooklynnets 98 away
chicagobulls 86 charlottehornets 81 home
oklahomacitythunder 115 denvernuggets 113 home
dallasmavericks 97 philadelphiaSSers 94 home
goldenstatewarriors 98 utahjazz 87 away
memphisgrizzlies 106 losangelesclippers 102 away
washingtonwizards 104 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
detroitpistons 92 newyorkknicks 86 home
miamiheat 104 atlantahawks 88 home
houstonrockets 109 bostonceltics 85 home
sacramentokings 107 phoenixsuns 104 home
charlottehornets 95 brooklynnets 91 home
washingtonwizards 98 clevelandcavaliers 91 away
indianapacers 103 newyorkknicks 96 away
miamiheat 120 orlandomagic 92 away
torontoraptors 108 philadelphiaSSers 98 away
atlantahawks 93 detroitpistons 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 91 milwaukeebucks 82 away
losangelesclippers 102 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
neworleanspelicans 105 utahjazz 98 home
sanantoniospurs 104 bostonceltics 93 home
sacramentokings 113 phoenixsuns 106 away
dallasmavericks 123 houstonrockets 120 home
memphisgrizzlies 88 goldenstatewarriors 81 away
oklahomacitythunder 105 losangelesclippers 91 home
denvernuggets 97 chicagobulls 87 home
phoenixsuns 98 charlottehornets 91 away
philadelphiaSSers 115 milwaukeebucks 107 home
torontoraptors 96 washingtonwizards 88 home
indianapacers 97 bostonceltics 82 away
atlantahawks 96 detroitpistons 89 away
sanantoniospurs 102 memphisgrizzlies 86 away
minnesotatimberwolves 111 brooklynnets 81 home
neworleanspelicans 104 clevelandcavaliers 100 home
dallasmavericks 103 utahjazz 93 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 chicagobulls 95 home
losangeleslakers 102 goldenstatewarriors 95 home
losangelesclippers 103 sacramentokings 102 home
indianapacers 106 philadelphiaSSers 98 home
washingtonwizards 98 newyorkknicks 89 home
bostonceltics 94 atlantahawks 87 away
miamiheat 101 orlandomagic 99 home
houstonrockets 112 minnesotatimberwolves 101 home
charlottehornets 96 milwaukeebucks 72 away
sanantoniospurs 126 clevelandcavaliers 96 home
denvernuggets 102 dallasmavericks 100 home
portlandtrailblazers 113 goldenstatewarriors 101 away
detroitpistons 109 brooklynnets 97 away
losangelesclippers 121 chicagobulls 82 home
phoenixsuns 104 orlandomagic 96 away
oklahomacitythunder 95 utahjazz 73 home
losangeleslakers 100 sacramentokings 86 home
bostonceltics 96 charlottehornets 86 away
indianapacers 98 minnesotatimberwolves 84 home
detroitpistons 113 milwaukeebucks 94 home
miamiheat 107 phoenixsuns 92 home
houstonrockets 93 memphisgrizzlies 86 away
denvernuggets 110 dallasmavericks 96 away
sanantoniospurs 112 neworleanspelicans 93 home
utahjazz 89 chicagobulls 83 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 newyorkknicks 91 home
brooklynnets 102 torontoraptors 100 away
washingtonwizards 116 losangeleslakers 111 home
orlandomagic 109 atlantahawks 92 away
goldenstatewarriors 102 neworleanspelicans 101 away
indianapacers 99 charlottehornets 74 away
orlandomagic 105 philadelphiaSSers 94 home
memphisgrizzlies 100 bostonceltics 93 away
losangeleslakers 99 brooklynnets 94 away
miamiheat 95 clevelandcavaliers 84 away
chicagobulls 99 detroitpistons 79 away
houstonrockets 113 atlantahawks 84 home
washingtonwizards 100 milwaukeebucks 92 away
denvernuggets 117 minnesotatimberwolves 110 away
oklahomacitythunder 94 sanantoniospurs 88 home
dallasmavericks 103 goldenstatewarriors 99 home
phoenixsuns 120 portlandtrailblazers 106 home
losangelesclippers 93 newyorkknicks 80 home
charlottehornets 92 milwaukeebucks 76 home
sanantoniospurs 109 orlandomagic 91 away
miamiheat 90 torontoraptors 83 away
atlantahawks 88 dallasmavericks 87 home
bostonceltics 103 clevelandcavaliers 86 home
losangeleslakers 106 detroitpistons 102 away
houstonrockets 114 brooklynnets 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 113 goldenstatewarriors 112 home
indianapacers 93 washingtonwizards 73 home
neworleanspelicans 121 philadelphiaSSers 105 away
denvernuggets 97 newyorkknicks 95 home
phoenixsuns 112 utahjazz 101 away
losangelesclippers 104 sacramentokings 98 away
washingtonwizards 108 atlantahawks 101 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 chicagobulls 93 home
brooklynnets 97 memphisgrizzlies 88 away
minnesotatimberwolves 112 dallasmavericks 106 away
houstonrockets 112 sanantoniospurs 106 away
utahjazz 112 phoenixsuns 104 away
milwaukeebucks 92 bostonceltics 85 home
denvernuggets 112 torontoraptors 98 away
indianapacers 105 losangelesclippers 100 away
detroitpistons 115 philadelphiaSSers 100 home
goldenstatewarriors 115 sacramentokings 113 away
miamiheat 99 charlottehornets 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 113 minnesotatimberwolves 103 home
neworleanspelicans 103 newyorkknicks 99 away
portlandtrailblazers 114 losangeleslakers 108 away
washingtonwizards 98 orlandomagic 80 home
neworleanspelicans 131 chicagobulls 128 away
sanantoniospurs 102 atlantahawks 100 home
utahjazz 109 houstonrockets 103 home
portlandtrailblazers 106 indianapacers 102 home
philadelphiaSSers 126 orlandomagic 125 home
bostonceltics 108 milwaukeebucks 100 home
denvernuggets 111 brooklynnets 87 away
detroitpistons 107 miamiheat 97 away
memphisgrizzlies 110 phoenixsuns 91 home
dallasmavericks 89 charlottehornets 82 home
oklahomacitythunder 97 sacramentokings 95 away
goldenstatewarriors 112 torontoraptors 103 home
clevelandcavaliers 98 denvernuggets 88 home
atlantahawks 107 losangelesclippers 97 home
phoenixsuns 97 houstonrockets 88 away
detroitpistons 105 milwaukeebucks 98 away
dallasmavericks 100 neworleanspelicans 97 away
indianapacers 95 utahjazz 86 away
portlandtrailblazers 111 oklahomacitythunder 104 home
newyorkknicks 113 brooklynnets 83 away
losangelesclippers 101 memphisgrizzlies 81 away
chicagobulls 107 miamiheat 87 home
charlottehornets 105 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
milwaukeebucks 109 washingtonwizards 105 away
atlantahawks 108 clevelandcavaliers 89 home
bostonceltics 106 denvernuggets 98 home
newyorkknicks 121 orlandomagic 83 home
houstonrockets 105 goldenstatewarriors 83 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 neworleanspelicans 95 away
phoenixsuns 106 torontoraptors 97 home
portlandtrailblazers 130 utahjazz 98 home
losangeleslakers 106 sacramentokings 100 away
denvernuggets 103 philadelphiaSSers 92 away
clevelandcavaliers 88 losangelesclippers 82 home
detroitpistons 92 chicagobulls 75 away
goldenstatewarriors 108 memphisgrizzlies 82 away
miamiheat 103 minnesotatimberwolves 82 away
brooklynnets 90 milwaukeebucks 82 away
indianapacers 111 sanantoniospurs 100 away
sacramentokings 112 utahjazz 102 away
dallasmavericks 108 portlandtrailblazers 106 away
bostonceltics 114 newyorkknicks 73 away
miamiheat 110 detroitpistons 95 away
houstonrockets 98 orlandomagic 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 118 indianapacers 94 home
torontoraptors 106 losangeleslakers 94 away
charlottehornets 115 goldenstatewarriors 111 home
losangelesclippers 94 philadelphiaSSers 83 away
denvernuggets 75 washingtonwizards 74 away
memphisgrizzlies 94 orlandomagic 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 105 utahjazz 94 away
sacramentokings 112 dallasmavericks 97 home
clevelandcavaliers 109 newyorkknicks 94 home
indianapacers 90 miamiheat 84 home
sanantoniospurs 116 torontoraptors 103 away
oklahomacitythunder 101 atlantahawks 92 away
brooklynnets 104 bostonceltics 96 home
minnesotatimberwolves 121 detroitpistons 94 away
milwaukeebucks 78 chicagobulls 74 away
phoenixsuns 114 losangeleslakers 108 away
orlandomagic 92 charlottehornets 83 away
losangelesclippers 96 bostonceltics 88 away
oklahomacitythunder 116 memphisgrizzlies 100 away
sanantoniospurs 109 milwaukeebucks 77 away
minnesotatimberwolves 106 philadelphiaSSers 99 home
neworleanspelicans 111 detroitpistons 106 home
newyorkknicks 83 chicagobulls 78 home
utahjazz 122 sacramentokings 101 away
goldenstatewarriors 95 dallasmavericks 93 home
brooklynnets 102 losangelesclippers 93 home
portlandtrailblazers 111 houstonrockets 104 home
indianapacers 99 charlottehornets 94 home
clevelandcavaliers 109 orlandomagic 100 away
torontoraptors 108 philadelphiaSSers 100 home
atlantahawks 101 washingtonwizards 99 home
bostonceltics 90 newyorkknicks 86 home
detroitpistons 103 brooklynnets 99 home
neworleanspelicans 104 memphisgrizzlies 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 122 losangeleslakers 97 home
chicagobulls 91 milwaukeebucks 90 away
sanantoniospurs 117 minnesotatimberwolves 110 home
utahjazz 103 denvernuggets 93 away
phoenixsuns 116 sacramentokings 107 home
houstonrockets 116 goldenstatewarriors 112 away
losangeleslakers 88 charlottehornets 85 away
losangelesclippers 113 washingtonwizards 97 away
miamiheat 114 clevelandcavaliers 107 home
newyorkknicks 111 atlantahawks 106 home
torontoraptors 99 chicagobulls 77 away
portlandtrailblazers 139 philadelphiaSSers 105 away
dallasmavericks 106 milwaukeebucks 93 home
sanantoniospurs 100 utahjazz 84 away
sacramentokings 106 houstonrockets 91 home
minnesotatimberwolves 101 memphisgrizzlies 93 away
portlandtrailblazers 111 detroitpistons 109 away
oklahomacitythunder 101 orlandomagic 98 home
denvernuggets 102 neworleanspelicans 93 home
phoenixsuns 106 goldenstatewarriors 102 home
detroitpistons 101 indianapacers 96 away
atlantahawks 114 losangeleslakers 100 home
bostonceltics 101 minnesotatimberwolves 97 home
brooklynnets 130 philadelphiaSSers 94 home
miamiheat 117 utahjazz 94 home
washingtonwizards 102 newyorkknicks 101 away
orlandomagic 83 chicagobulls 82 away
losangelesclippers 115 sanantoniospurs 92 home
charlottehornets 95 sacramentokings 87 home
portlandtrailblazers 119 clevelandcavaliers 116 away
losangeleslakers 96 memphisgrizzlies 92 away
oklahomacitythunder 105 denvernuggets 93 away
goldenstatewarriors 104 neworleanspelicans 93 home
miamiheat 97 indianapacers 94 home
utahjazz 86 orlandomagic 82 away
charlottehornets 104 torontoraptors 102 away
atlantahawks 124 sacramentokings 107 home
detroitpistons 107 bostonceltics 106 away
washingtonwizards 113 brooklynnets 107 away
newyorkknicks 107 milwaukeebucks 101 away
minnesotatimberwolves 120 portlandtrailblazers 109 home
dallasmavericks 105 memphisgrizzlies 91 home
sanantoniospurs 108 phoenixsuns 101 away
houstonrockets 109 chicagobulls 94 home
losangelesclippers 108 neworleanspelicans 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 107 chicagobulls 95 home
sanantoniospurs 104 goldenstatewarriors 102 away
philadelphiaSSers 121 brooklynnets 120 home
atlantahawks 118 utahjazz 85 home
clevelandcavaliers 114 milwaukeebucks 111 home
charlottehornets 116 detroitpistons 106 away
miamiheat 122 sacramentokings 103 home
indianapacers 114 houstonrockets 81 home
torontoraptors 109 dallasmavericks 108 away
phoenixsuns 103 denvernuggets 99 away
losangeleslakers 104 minnesotatimberwolves 91 home
memphisgrizzlies 95 newyorkknicks 87 away
washingtonwizards 106 bostonceltics 99 away
utahjazz 88 charlottehornets 85 away
sacramentokings 105 orlandomagic 100 away
houstonrockets 114 detroitpistons 97 away
chicagobulls 100 clevelandcavaliers 84 home
milwaukeebucks 116 philadelphiaSSers 106 home
oklahomacitythunder 113 sanantoniospurs 100 away
phoenixsuns 123 dallasmavericks 108 home
portlandtrailblazers 110 neworleanspelicans 107 home
goldenstatewarriors 102 losangeleslakers 83 home
losangelesclippers 112 denvernuggets 91 home
indianapacers 106 bostonceltics 79 home
torontoraptors 104 oklahomacitythunder 98 away
losangelesclippers 120 minnesotatimberwolves 116 home
charlottehornets 111 milwaukeebucks 110 home
detroitpistons 115 clevelandcavaliers 92 away
newyorkknicks 103 orlandomagic 98 away
indianapacers 103 brooklynnets 86 away
miamiheat 121 atlantahawks 119 home
dallasmavericks 111 houstonrockets 104 away
memphisgrizzlies 104 utahjazz 94 home
sanantoniospurs 112 torontoraptors 99 home
goldenstatewarriors 89 denvernuggets 81 away
phoenixsuns 117 losangeleslakers 90 home
neworleanspelicans 113 sacramentokings 100 away
chicagobulls 95 brooklynnets 78 away
oklahomacitythunder 123 newyorkknicks 94 away
miamiheat 101 losangeleslakers 95 away
houstonrockets 111 sanantoniospurs 98 away
goldenstatewarriors 105 losangelesclippers 103 home
atlantahawks 127 clevelandcavaliers 125 away
houstonrockets 100 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
sanantoniospurs 116 dallasmavericks 107 away
portlandtrailblazers 116 losangelesclippers 112 home
oklahomacitythunder 89 charlottehornets 85 away
orlandomagic 109 detroitpistons 92 home
brooklynnets 104 milwaukeebucks 93 home
torontoraptors 95 newyorkknicks 83 away
minnesotatimberwolves 120 washingtonwizards 98 home
neworleanspelicans 105 denvernuggets 89 home
utahjazz 105 losangeleslakers 103 home
sacramentokings 108 miamiheat 103 home
goldenstatewarriors 115 phoenixsuns 86 home
bostonceltics 103 clevelandcavaliers 100 home
indianapacers 105 brooklynnets 91 home
torontoraptors 115 newyorkknicks 100 home
washingtonwizards 106 detroitpistons 82 home
atlantahawks 118 charlottehornets 116 home
dallasmavericks 105 chicagobulls 83 away
houstonrockets 107 neworleanspelicans 98 home
memphisgrizzlies 120 denvernuggets 99 home
minnesotatimberwolves 117 milwaukeebucks 95 away
phoenixsuns 115 philadelphiaSSers 101 home
miamiheat 108 portlandtrailblazers 107 away
losangelesclippers 98 utahjazz 90 home
goldenstatewarriors 108 clevelandcavaliers 104 away
orlandomagic 109 atlantahawks 102 home
oklahomacitythunder 117 houstonrockets 86 home
sanantoniospurs 112 sacramentokings 104 home
philadelphiaSSers 111 losangeleslakers 104 away
washingtonwizards 106 detroitpistons 99 away
chicagobulls 95 memphisgrizzlies 91 away
dallasmavericks 100 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
neworleanspelicans 110 portlandtrailblazers 108 home
miamiheat 97 denvernuggets 94 away
utahjazz 83 charlottehornets 80 home
phoenixsuns 107 losangelesclippers 88 away
atlantahawks 92 bostonceltics 91 away
indianapacers 91 clevelandcavaliers 76 home
goldenstatewarriors 94 orlandomagic 81 away
torontoraptors 85 chicagobulls 79 away
sacramentokings 110 houstonrockets 106 away
sanantoniospurs 113 brooklynnets 92 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 oklahomacitythunder 94 away
milwaukeebucks 94 losangeleslakers 79 away
dallasmavericks 87 washingtonwizards 78 away
torontoraptors 95 indianapacers 82 home
minnesotatimberwolves 124 neworleanspelicans 112 home
philadelphiaSSers 114 denvernuggets 102 away
losangelesclippers 112 charlottehornets 85 home
clevelandcavaliers 87 orlandomagic 81 home
goldenstatewarriors 123 miamiheat 114 away
chicagobulls 94 bostonceltics 82 home
brooklynnets 95 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
newyorkknicks 105 sanantoniospurs 101 away
memphisgrizzlies 99 phoenixsuns 91 away
utahjazz 96 milwaukeebucks 87 home
portlandtrailblazers 134 charlottehornets 104 home
philadelphiaSSers 113 sacramentokings 104 away
torontoraptors 101 washingtonwizards 88 away
goldenstatewarriors 101 atlantahawks 100 away
neworleanspelicans 95 bostonceltics 92 away
houstonrockets 102 newyorkknicks 100 home
losangelesclippers 119 dallasmavericks 112 away
denvernuggets 111 memphisgrizzlies 108 home
losangeleslakers 110 utahjazz 99 home
indianapacers 99 neworleanspelicans 82 home
miamiheat 110 orlandomagic 94 away
brooklynnets 89 clevelandcavaliers 82 home
chicagobulls 91 atlantahawks 84 home
oklahomacitythunder 115 minnesotatimberwolves 111 away
sanantoniospurs 116 losangelesclippers 92 home
phoenixsuns 116 milwaukeebucks 100 home
philadelphiaSSers 101 portlandtrailblazers 99 away
charlottehornets 113 sacramentokings 103 away
memphisgrizzlies 112 detroitpistons 84 away
indianapacers 82 clevelandcavaliers 78 away
miamiheat 102 torontoraptors 97 home
goldenstatewarriors 112 washingtonwizards 96 away
oklahomacitythunder 119 bostonceltics 96 home
newyorkknicks 92 dallasmavericks 80 away
denvernuggets 137 losangeleslakers 115 away
minnesotatimberwolves 126 philadelphiaSSers 95 away
brooklynnets 91 atlantahawks 86 home
losangelesclippers 101 orlandomagic 81 home
washingtonwizards 97 charlottehornets 83 away
clevelandcavaliers 111 philadelphiaSSers 93 home
indianapacers 86 torontoraptors 79 home
miamiheat 107 neworleanspelicans 88 home
newyorkknicks 89 detroitpistons 85 home
chicagobulls 92 phoenixsuns 87 home
sanantoniospurs 110 memphisgrizzlies 108 away
goldenstatewarriors 101 milwaukeebucks 80 away
dallasmavericks 110 losangeleslakers 97 home
denvernuggets 129 bostonceltics 98 home
utahjazz 112 oklahomacitythunder 101 home
sacramentokings 123 portlandtrailblazers 119 home
sanantoniospurs 112 dallasmavericks 90 home
torontoraptors 112 detroitpistons 91 home
atlantahawks 97 indianapacers 87 home
brooklynnets 102 goldenstatewarriors 98 home
phoenixsuns 104 minnesotatimberwolves 103 away
washingtonwizards 102 neworleanspelicans 96 away
houstonrockets 113 losangeleslakers 99 home
portlandtrailblazers 110 orlandomagic 94 home
losangelesclippers 111 bostonceltics 105 home
newyorkknicks 102 miamiheat 92 home
denvernuggets 101 oklahomacitythunder 88 home
indianapacers 93 washingtonwizards 66 home
detroitpistons 114 philadelphiaSSers 104 away
atlantahawks 83 houstonrockets 80 home
memphisgrizzlies 104 phoenixsuns 99 home
minnesotatimberwolves 119 charlottehornets 92 home
dallasmavericks 107 neworleanspelicans 90 away
brooklynnets 104 miamiheat 95 home
chicagobulls 81 milwaukeebucks 72 away
clevelandcavaliers 113 utahjazz 102 away
sacramentokings 103 orlandomagic 83 home
goldenstatewarriors 99 bostonceltics 97 home
losangelesclippers 123 losangeleslakers 87 home
torontoraptors 96 brooklynnets 80 home
houstonrockets 114 washingtonwizards 107 away
detroitpistons 110 phoenixsuns 108 home
newyorkknicks 102 philadelphiaSSers 92 away
chicagobulls 103 charlottehornets 97 home
oklahomacitythunder 101 milwaukeebucks 85 home
dallasmavericks 110 neworleanspelicans 107 home
denvernuggets 120 orlandomagic 94 home
portlandtrailblazers 112 bostonceltics 104 home
sacramentokings 124 clevelandcavaliers 80 home
memphisgrizzlies 108 atlantahawks 101 home
sanantoniospurs 104 minnesotatimberwolves 86 home
torontoraptors 116 milwaukeebucks 94 home
houstonrockets 104 bostonceltics 92 away
newyorkknicks 98 phoenixsuns 96 home
washingtonwizards 102 chicagobulls 88 away
sanantoniospurs 101 neworleanspelicans 95 away
dallasmavericks 107 orlandomagic 88 home
utahjazz 118 denvernuggets 103 home
charlottehornets 108 newyorkknicks 98 home
indianapacers 116 sacramentokings 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 90 oklahomacitythunder 87 home
clevelandcavaliers 120 losangeleslakers 118 away
chicagobulls 128 orlandomagic 125 away
philadelphiaSSers 95 charlottehornets 92 home
washingtonwizards 114 miamiheat 97 home
bostonceltics 88 torontoraptors 83 home
memphisgrizzlies 82 milwaukeebucks 77 away
sacramentokings 111 minnesotatimberwolves 108 away
houstonrockets 103 neworleanspelicans 100 away
sanantoniospurs 109 utahjazz 105 home
phoenixsuns 121 losangeleslakers 114 home
portlandtrailblazers 108 clevelandcavaliers 96 home
denvernuggets 123 goldenstatewarriors 116 away
losangelesclippers 129 dallasmavericks 127 home
indianapacers 117 newyorkknicks 89 home
brooklynnets 127 atlantahawks 110 away
oklahomacitythunder 104 houstonrockets 92 away
losangelesclippers 109 newyorkknicks 95 away
charlottehornets 111 orlandomagic 101 away
miamiheat 101 philadelphiaSSers 86 away
torontoraptors 94 minnesotatimberwolves 89 home
washingtonwizards 96 chicagobulls 93 home
losangeleslakers 107 bostonceltics 104 away
utahjazz 110 detroitpistons 89 away
memphisgrizzlies 91 sacramentokings 90 home
portlandtrailblazers 109 sanantoniospurs 100 away
clevelandcavaliers 117 denvernuggets 109 away
dallasmavericks 110 phoenixsuns 107 away
oklahomacitythunder 127 goldenstatewarriors 121 home
miamiheat 104 charlottehornets 96 away
indianapacers 106 losangelesclippers 92 home
detroitpistons 104 washingtonwizards 98 away
chicagobulls 103 philadelphiaSSers 78 home
houstonrockets 114 milwaukeebucks 104 home
minnesotatimberwolves 98 utahjazz 72 home
goldenstatewarriors 97 neworleanspelicans 87 away
portlandtrailblazers 127 dallasmavericks 111 away
losangeleslakers 112 torontoraptors 106 away
orlandomagic 93 bostonceltics 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 108 sacramentokings 93 home
sanantoniospurs 110 milwaukeebucks 82 home
phoenixsuns 117 denvernuggets 103 home
dallasmavericks 102 clevelandcavaliers 97 away
losangelesclippers 112 detroitpistons 103 away
charlottehornets 100 torontoraptors 95 home
washingtonwizards 107 philadelphiaSSers 99 home
brooklynnets 103 newyorkknicks 80 away
neworleanspelicans 95 memphisgrizzlies 92 away
atlantahawks 121 miamiheat 114 home
chicagobulls 102 losangeleslakers 100 home
houstonrockets 126 portlandtrailblazers 113 home
indianapacers 102 goldenstatewarriors 94 away
brooklynnets 101 orlandomagic 90 home
miamiheat 93 bostonceltics 86 home
sacramentokings 114 neworleanspelicans 97 away
oklahomacitythunder 105 portlandtrailblazers 97 home
minnesotatimberwolves 112 utahjazz 97 away
charlottehornets 95 losangelesclippers 91 home
chicagobulls 98 clevelandcavaliers 87 away
atlantahawks 112 orlandomagic 109 away
torontoraptors 93 dallasmavericks 85 home
bostonceltics 113 washingtonwizards 111 away
philadelphiaSSers 110 newyorkknicks 106 away
houstonrockets 119 sacramentokings 98 home
milwaukeebucks 104 detroitpistons 101 home
phoenixsuns 124 indianapacers 100 home
oklahomacitythunder 111 sanantoniospurs 105 away
miamiheat 109 losangeleslakers 102 home
portlandtrailblazers 110 denvernuggets 105 home
brooklynnets 107 dallasmavericks 106 home
clevelandcavaliers 93 milwaukeebucks 78 home
neworleanspelicans 103 detroitpistons 101 away
newyorkknicks 125 charlottehornets 96 home
losangelesclippers 112 chicagobulls 95 away
memphisgrizzlies 88 houstonrockets 87 away
washingtonwizards 101 phoenixsuns 95 away
indianapacers 116 sacramentokings 111 away
minnesotatimberwolves 121 goldenstatewarriors 120 away
orlandomagic 114 losangeleslakers 105 home
torontoraptors 104 philadelphiaSSers 95 away
sanantoniospurs 105 atlantahawks 79 away
oklahomacitythunder 101 bostonceltics 83 away
chicagobulls 89 charlottehornets 87 away
losangelesclippers 126 torontoraptors 118 away
oklahomacitythunder 103 philadelphiaSSers 91 away
memphisgrizzlies 99 houstonrockets 81 home
atlantahawks 112 milwaukeebucks 87 away
denvernuggets 109 indianapacers 96 home
utahjazz 104 washingtonwizards 101 home
portlandtrailblazers 115 minnesotatimberwolves 104 home
miamiheat 113 sanantoniospurs 101 home
newyorkknicks 110 losangeleslakers 103 home
neworleanspelicans 100 orlandomagic 92 home
phoenixsuns 99 clevelandcavaliers 90 away
brooklynnets 85 bostonceltics 79 away
dallasmavericks 116 detroitpistons 106 home
goldenstatewarriors 103 portlandtrailblazers 88 home
denvernuggets 125 sacramentokings 117 away
phoenixsuns 124 philadelphiaSSers 113 away
torontoraptors 104 brooklynnets 103 away
minnesotatimberwolves 95 chicagobulls 86 away
losangelesclippers 114 milwaukeebucks 86 away
oklahomacitythunder 111 atlantahawks 109 home
utahjazz 106 sacramentokings 99 home
neworleanspelicans 100 clevelandcavaliers 89 away
detroitpistons 103 orlandomagic 87 home
newyorkknicks 114 bostonceltics 88 home
houstonrockets 97 sanantoniospurs 90 home
memphisgrizzlies 98 portlandtrailblazers 81 away
washingtonwizards 88 goldenstatewarriors 85 away
indianapacers 104 losangeleslakers 92 away
oklahomacitythunder 112 miamiheat 95 away
torontoraptors 98 orlandomagic 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 95 bostonceltics 94 away
phoenixsuns 126 milwaukeebucks 117 away
minnesotatimberwolves 88 neworleanspelicans 77 home
houstonrockets 117 dallasmavericks 115 away
charlottehornets 101 denvernuggets 98 away
chicagobulls 96 sanantoniospurs 86 away
memphisgrizzlies 99 sacramentokings 89 away
losangelesclippers 110 washingtonwizards 103 home
phoenixsuns 102 indianapacers 94 away
newyorkknicks 117 clevelandcavaliers 86 home
goldenstatewarriors 111 losangelesclippers 92 home
orlandomagic 113 milwaukeebucks 102 home
atlantahawks 125 philadelphiaSSers 99 away
memphisgrizzlies 94 minnesotatimberwolves 90 away
oklahomacitythunder 120 brooklynnets 95 away
dallasmavericks 107 sacramentokings 103 home
torontoraptors 100 denvernuggets 90 away
charlottehornets 110 losangeleslakers 100 away
goldenstatewarriors 95 utahjazz 90 away
indianapacers 97 brooklynnets 96 home
washingtonwizards 96 oklahomacitythunder 81 home
atlantahawks 120 minnesotatimberwolves 113 home
detroitpistons 113 philadelphiaSSers 96 home
houstonrockets 106 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 milwaukeebucks 90 home
neworleanspelicans 88 chicagobulls 79 home
sanantoniospurs 95 sacramentokings 93 home
miamiheat 106 newyorkknicks 91 away
phoenixsuns 105 charlottehornets 95 home
portlandtrailblazers 106 torontoraptors 103 home
losangelesclippers 102 utahjazz 87 home
bostonceltics 96 orlandomagic 89 home
indianapacers 98 orlandomagic 79 home
washingtonwizards 100 portlandtrailblazers 90 home
brooklynnets 108 philadelphiaSSers 102 home
miamiheat 102 detroitpistons 96 home
milwaukeebucks 101 newyorkknicks 98 home
sanantoniospurs 102 neworleanspelicans 95 away
oklahomacitythunder 86 memphisgrizzlies 77 home
dallasmavericks 124 clevelandcavaliers 107 home
denvernuggets 116 losangelesclippers 115 home
torontoraptors 94 utahjazz 79 away
sacramentokings 99 chicagobulls 70 home
indianapacers 89 atlantahawks 85 away
minnesotatimberwolves 109 losangeleslakers 99 home
chicagobulls 101 phoenixsuns 92 away
charlottehornets 91 goldenstatewarriors 75 away
losangeleslakers 119 clevelandcavaliers 108 away
bostonceltics 114 philadelphiaSSers 108 away
sanantoniospurs 125 washingtonwizards 118 away
portlandtrailblazers 94 newyorkknicks 90 away
houstonrockets 122 phoenixsuns 108 home
dallasmavericks 110 memphisgrizzlies 96 away
neworleanspelicans 105 atlantahawks 100 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 minnesotatimberwolves 97 home
orlandomagic 112 detroitpistons 98 home
denvernuggets 110 milwaukeebucks 100 home
sacramentokings 109 torontoraptors 101 home
miamiheat 116 losangelesclippers 112 away
brooklynnets 103 sanantoniospurs 89 home
goldenstatewarriors 102 chicagobulls 87 home
indianapacers 118 portlandtrailblazers 113 home
orlandomagic 103 oklahomacitythunder 102 home
losangeleslakers 112 philadelphiaSSers 98 away
clevelandcavaliers 115 washingtonwizards 113 away
bostonceltics 99 sacramentokings 89 home
detroitpistons 111 brooklynnets 95 home
newyorkknicks 117 denvernuggets 90 home
dallasmavericks 103 utahjazz 81 home
neworleanspelicans 98 minnesotatimberwolves 91 home
losangelesclippers 118 torontoraptors 105 home
sanantoniospurs 104 charlottehornets 100 away
memphisgrizzlies 79 atlantahawks 76 away
detroitpistons 126 denvernuggets 109 home
portlandtrailblazers 117 minnesotatimberwolves 110 away
houstonrockets 101 milwaukeebucks 95 away
phoenixsuns 122 goldenstatewarriors 109 home
utahjazz 94 miamiheat 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 112 newyorkknicks 100 home
chicagobulls 92 losangeleslakers 86 away
dallasmavericks 102 bostonceltics 91 away
brooklynnets 93 neworleanspelicans 81 home
clevelandcavaliers 91 memphisgrizzlies 83 home
orlandomagic 93 indianapacers 92 home
washingtonwizards 93 sacramentokings 84 home
losangelesclippers 123 philadelphiaSSers 78 home
indianapacers 119 denvernuggets 80 home
torontoraptors 108 neworleanspelicans 101 home
detroitpistons 109 sanantoniospurs 100 home
bostonceltics 102 milwaukeebucks 86 away
houstonrockets 107 minnesotatimberwolves 89 away
goldenstatewarriors 123 philadelphiaSSers 80 home
charlottehornets 114 dallasmavericks 89 home
clevelandcavaliers 109 sacramentokings 99 home
chicagobulls 100 atlantahawks 85 home
memphisgrizzlies 92 washingtonwizards 89 home
miamiheat 103 phoenixsuns 97 away
oklahomacitythunder 98 portlandtrailblazers 95 away
utahjazz 96 losangeleslakers 79 away
dallasmavericks 81 indianapacers 73 away
memphisgrizzlies 86 orlandomagic 81 away
torontoraptors 104 atlantahawks 83 home
sanantoniospurs 104 bostonceltics 92 away
brooklynnets 105 charlottehornets 89 home
clevelandcavaliers 93 detroitpistons 89 away
sacramentokings 106 newyorkknicks 101 away
houstonrockets 113 washingtonwizards 112 home
neworleanspelicans 102 milwaukeebucks 98 away
minnesotatimberwolves 117 denvernuggets 90 home
utahjazz 105 philadelphiaSSers 100 home
miamiheat 111 goldenstatewarriors 110 away
losangelesclippers 122 portlandtrailblazers 117 home
chicagobulls 92 brooklynnets 76 home
oklahomacitythunder 107 losangeleslakers 103 away
indianapacers 108 atlantahawks 98 home
clevelandcavaliers 114 philadelphiaSSers 85 away
torontoraptors 103 washingtonwizards 93 away
charlottehornets 108 detroitpistons 96 away
memphisgrizzlies 98 newyorkknicks 93 home
milwaukeebucks 104 orlandomagic 100 home
miamiheat 117 dallasmavericks 106 away
phoenixsuns 112 denvernuggets 107 away
sanantoniospurs 113 losangelesclippers 103 away
charlottehornets 116 detroitpistons 98 home
clevelandcavaliers 101 orlandomagic 93 home
chicagobulls 94 torontoraptors 92 away
washingtonwizards 114 atlantahawks 97 away
minnesotatimberwolves 104 indianapacers 91 home
newyorkknicks 98 neworleanspelicans 91 away
phoenixsuns 100 bostonceltics 94 home
brooklynnets 105 utahjazz 99 away
sanantoniospurs 111 portlandtrailblazers 109 away
goldenstatewarriors 101 sacramentokings 92 away
houstonrockets 134 losangeleslakers 108 away
denvernuggets 101 milwaukeebucks 90 away
miamiheat 103 oklahomacitythunder 81 away
goldenstatewarriors 102 houstonrockets 99 home
charlottehornets 90 neworleanspelicans 87 home
orlandomagic 129 newyorkknicks 121 home
dallasmavericks 124 philadelphiaSSers 112 away
torontoraptors 98 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
detroitpistons 115 atlantahawks 107 home
chicagobulls 117 denvernuggets 89 home
memphisgrizzlies 102 losangelesclippers 96 home
phoenixsuns 106 sanantoniospurs 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 utahjazz 94 home
losangeleslakers 101 bostonceltics 92 home
charlottehornets 92 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
washingtonwizards 94 neworleanspelicans 93 home
atlantahawks 107 newyorkknicks 98 home
dallasmavericks 113 detroitpistons 102 away
indianapacers 110 milwaukeebucks 100 away
minnesotatimberwolves 121 utahjazz 104 away
sacramentokings 105 bostonceltics 98 home
goldenstatewarriors 93 brooklynnets 86 home
losangelesclippers 125 oklahomacitythunder 117 away
miamiheat 93 chicagobulls 79 home
washingtonwizards 96 clevelandcavaliers 83 away
torontoraptors 105 orlandomagic 90 home
sacramentokings 109 denvernuggets 95 away
houstonrockets 115 phoenixsuns 112 away
brooklynnets 108 losangeleslakers 102 away
portlandtrailblazers 108 minnesotatimberwolves 97 home
milwaukeebucks 130 philadelphiaSSers 110 away
goldenstatewarriors 104 detroitpistons 96 away
dallasmavericks 110 newyorkknicks 108 away
losangelesclippers 123 neworleanspelicans 110 away
utahjazz 110 bostonceltics 98 home
torontoraptors 99 clevelandcavaliers 93 away
indianapacers 118 losangeleslakers 98 home
washingtonwizards 115 orlandomagic 106 home
chicagobulls 107 atlantahawks 103 away
portlandtrailblazers 100 denvernuggets 95 away
minnesotatimberwolves 110 phoenixsuns 101 away
houstonrockets 129 sacramentokings 103 away
orlandomagic 101 philadelphiaSSers 90 away
bostonceltics 115 atlantahawks 104 home
chicagobulls 103 goldenstatewarriors 83 home
dallasmavericks 108 neworleanspelicans 89 home
memphisgrizzlies 108 losangeleslakers 103 home
clevelandcavaliers 114 oklahomacitythunder 104 away
sanantoniospurs 120 detroitpistons 110 home
utahjazz 109 phoenixsuns 86 home
portlandtrailblazers 124 brooklynnets 80 home
losangelesclippers 101 houstonrockets 93 home
indianapacers 101 milwaukeebucks 96 home
washingtonwizards 134 torontoraptors 129 away
miamiheat 108 newyorkknicks 82 home
brooklynnets 112 denvernuggets 89 away
clevelandcavaliers 99 utahjazz 79 home
oklahomacitythunder 113 memphisgrizzlies 107 home
goldenstatewarriors 126 newyorkknicks 103 away
chicagobulls 100 dallasmavericks 91 away
sanantoniospurs 92 charlottehornets 82 home
losangeleslakers 126 sacramentokings 122 home
phoenixsuns 116 neworleanspelicans 104 home
miamiheat 112 orlandomagic 98 home
washingtonwizards 122 philadelphiaSSers 103 away
houstonrockets 118 detroitpistons 110 home
indianapacers 102 bostonceltics 97 away
brooklynnets 107 milwaukeebucks 98 away
memphisgrizzlies 110 clevelandcavaliers 96 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 denvernuggets 96 home
minnesotatimberwolves 108 sacramentokings 97 away
losangelesclippers 108 neworleanspelicans 76 home
chicagobulls 109 newyorkknicks 90 home
torontoraptors 104 goldenstatewarriors 98 home
indianapacers 94 utahjazz 91 home
orlandomagic 92 philadelphiaSSers 81 home
oklahomacitythunder 116 charlottehornets 99 home
sanantoniospurs 112 dallasmavericks 106 home
phoenixsuns 129 atlantahawks 120 home
miamiheat 124 charlottehornets 107 home
milwaukeebucks 114 utahjazz 88 home
minnesotatimberwolves 132 denvernuggets 128 away
losangeleslakers 107 portlandtrailblazers 106 away
sacramentokings 96 neworleanspelicans 89 home
memphisgrizzlies 110 washingtonwizards 104 away
brooklynnets 96 chicagobulls 80 home
detroitpistons 96 newyorkknicks 85 home
sanantoniospurs 122 clevelandcavaliers 101 away
goldenstatewarriors 98 indianapacers 96 away
houstonrockets 106 miamiheat 103 home
oklahomacitythunder 125 philadelphiaSSers 92 home
losangelesclippers 104 phoenixsuns 96 away
neworleanspelicans 132 losangeleslakers 125 away
charlottehornets 109 indianapacers 87 home
houstonrockets 101 orlandomagic 89 away
washingtonwizards 104 utahjazz 91 home
goldenstatewarriors 108 bostonceltics 88 away
brooklynnets 103 memphisgrizzlies 94 home
chicagobulls 105 detroitpistons 94 away
sacramentokings 116 milwaukeebucks 102 away
newyorkknicks 118 minnesotatimberwolves 106 away
denvernuggets 115 dallasmavericks 110 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 atlantahawks 78 home
sanantoniospurs 111 miamiheat 87 home
phoenixsuns 128 oklahomacitythunder 122 home
losangelesclippers 142 losangeleslakers 94 home
memphisgrizzlies 85 chicagobulls 77 away
charlottehornets 101 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
torontoraptors 99 sacramentokings 87 home
bostonceltics 91 brooklynnets 84 home
newyorkknicks 108 utahjazz 81 home
minnesotatimberwolves 114 detroitpistons 101 home
neworleanspelicans 112 milwaukeebucks 104 home
dallasmavericks 103 portlandtrailblazers 98 home
denvernuggets 134 losangeleslakers 126 home
houstonrockets 112 indianapacers 86 home
goldenstatewarriors 111 atlantahawks 97 home
newyorkknicks 107 clevelandcavaliers 97 away
utahjazz 104 philadelphiaSSers 92 away
memphisgrizzlies 111 charlottehornets 89 home
washingtonwizards 114 milwaukeebucks 107 away
sanantoniospurs 121 orlandomagic 112 home
losangelesclippers 109 atlantahawks 108 home
chicagobulls 95 miamiheat 88 home
losangeleslakers 114 oklahomacitythunder 110 home
neworleanspelicans 111 denvernuggets 107 home
bostonceltics 118 detroitpistons 111 home
brooklynnets 104 sacramentokings 89 home
houstonrockets 118 portlandtrailblazers 113 home
torontoraptors 111 minnesotatimberwolves 104 away
dallasmavericks 105 indianapacers 94 home
goldenstatewarriors 113 phoenixsuns 107 home
charlottehornets 105 denvernuggets 98 home
brooklynnets 101 torontoraptors 97 home
miamiheat 99 washingtonwizards 90 home
newyorkknicks 123 philadelphiaSSers 110 home
milwaukeebucks 105 orlandomagic 98 home
atlantahawks 112 utahjazz 110 away
losangelesclippers 112 phoenixsuns 105 home
indianapacers 94 bostonceltics 83 home
detroitpistons 99 sacramentokings 89 home
sanantoniospurs 104 chicagobulls 96 away
memphisgrizzlies 109 portlandtrailblazers 99 home
minnesotatimberwolves 112 milwaukeebucks 101 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 houstonrockets 98 home
goldenstatewarriors 108 dallasmavericks 85 home
brooklynnets 96 miamiheat 95 away
denvernuggets 120 orlandomagic 112 away
sacramentokings 115 philadelphiaSSers 98 away
torontoraptors 101 detroitpistons 87 home
charlottehornets 98 washingtonwizards 85 away
newyorkknicks 116 bostonceltics 92 away
memphisgrizzlies 90 neworleanspelicans 88 away
dallasmavericks 108 utahjazz 101 away
sanantoniospurs 103 portlandtrailblazers 90 home
clevelandcavaliers 110 phoenixsuns 101 away
losangelesclippers 111 goldenstatewarriors 98 home
chicagobulls 111 houstonrockets 87 home
atlantahawks 102 milwaukeebucks 97 home
oklahomacitythunder 131 losangeleslakers 102 home
charlottehornets 105 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
washingtonwizards 105 orlandomagic 101 away
indianapacers 101 philadelphiaSSers 94 away
torontoraptors 99 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
phoenixsuns 87 bostonceltics 80 away
denvernuggets 111 miamiheat 107 away
portlandtrailblazers 111 neworleanspelicans 103 away
sanantoniospurs 119 losangeleslakers 85 home
losangelesclippers 96 utahjazz 87 away
clevelandcavaliers 103 goldenstatewarriors 94 away
newyorkknicks 115 milwaukeebucks 94 home
washingtonwizards 101 brooklynnets 94 home
atlantahawks 97 denvernuggets 92 home
indianapacers 112 detroitpistons 104 away
memphisgrizzlies 103 philadelphiaSSers 77 away
chicagobulls 94 sacramentokings 87 home
charlottehornets 101 milwaukeebucks 92 away
phoenixsuns 121 torontoraptors 113 away
miamiheat 113 houstonrockets 104 home
neworleanspelicans 121 bostonceltics 120 home
minnesotatimberwolves 104 sacramentokings 102 home
dallasmavericks 109 oklahomacitythunder 86 away
sanantoniospurs 122 utahjazz 104 home
goldenstatewarriors 113 portlandtrailblazers 112 away
losangelesclippers 102 clevelandcavaliers 80 home
atlantahawks 97 charlottehornets 83 away
indianapacers 99 philadelphiaSSers 90 home
brooklynnets 108 phoenixsuns 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 97 chicagobulls 85 away
houstonrockets 124 utahjazz 86 home
dallasmavericks 94 bostonceltics 89 home
denvernuggets 110 losangelesclippers 100 home
miamiheat 100 clevelandcavaliers 96 away
atlantahawks 118 torontoraptors 113 home
portlandtrailblazers 120 milwaukeebucks 115 home
sacramentokings 117 washingtonwizards 111 home
goldenstatewarriors 103 orlandomagic 89 home
chicagobulls 102 philadelphiaSSers 94 away
bostonceltics 101 miamiheat 96 home
brooklynnets 104 charlottehornets 99 home
memphisgrizzlies 96 utahjazz 86 home
torontoraptors 107 neworleanspelicans 100 away
newyorkknicks 92 indianapacers 86 home
minnesotatimberwolves 123 dallasmavericks 122 away
denvernuggets 118 detroitpistons 109 home
phoenixsuns 109 orlandomagic 93 home
sanantoniospurs 125 losangeleslakers 109 away
oklahomacitythunder 102 clevelandcavaliers 95 away
houstonrockets 129 minnesotatimberwolves 106 home
portlandtrailblazers 116 washingtonwizards 103 home
goldenstatewarriors 115 milwaukeebucks 110 home
indianapacers 91 chicagobulls 79 home
newyorkknicks 93 philadelphiaSSers 92 away
oklahomacitythunder 119 torontoraptors 118 away
neworleanspelicans 111 atlantahawks 105 away
brooklynnets 114 bostonceltics 98 home
miamiheat 91 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
dallasmavericks 122 denvernuggets 106 home
phoenixsuns 98 detroitpistons 92 home
sanantoniospurs 99 sacramentokings 79 away
washingtonwizards 117 losangeleslakers 107 away
charlottehornets 124 portlandtrailblazers 94 home
houstonrockets 118 clevelandcavaliers 111 away
chicagobulls 91 philadelphiaSSers 81 home
memphisgrizzlies 82 indianapacers 71 home
neworleanspelicans 105 miamiheat 95 home
utahjazz 89 orlandomagic 88 home
sanantoniospurs 99 goldenstatewarriors 90 away
losangelesclippers 112 detroitpistons 103 home
torontoraptors 96 atlantahawks 86 home
phoenixsuns 127 minnesotatimberwolves 120 away
denvernuggets 105 washingtonwizards 102 home
sacramentokings 124 milwaukeebucks 107 home
brooklynnets 107 dallasmavericks 104 away
clevelandcavaliers 106 newyorkknicks 100 away
losangeleslakers 103 orlandomagic 94 home
houstonrockets 100 charlottehornets 89 away
phoenixsuns 102 atlantahawks 95 away
miamiheat 93 portlandtrailblazers 91 home
chicagobulls 89 indianapacers 77 home
memphisgrizzlies 109 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
neworleanspelicans 109 brooklynnets 104 home
oklahomacitythunder 117 denvernuggets 96 home
sanantoniospurs 113 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
detroitpistons 114 utahjazz 94 away
losangelesclippers 106 milwaukeebucks 98 home
clevelandcavaliers 102 torontoraptors 100 home
orlandomagic 95 portlandtrailblazers 85 home
dallasmavericks 128 oklahomacitythunder 119 home
losangeleslakers 127 newyorkknicks 96 home
charlottehornets 116 brooklynnets 111 home
phoenixsuns 99 washingtonwizards 93 away
torontoraptors 99 bostonceltics 90 away
clevelandcavaliers 97 detroitpistons 96 away
minnesotatimberwolves 107 atlantahawks 83 home
neworleanspelicans 98 losangelesclippers 96 home
indianapacers 84 miamiheat 83 home
sanantoniospurs 108 denvernuggets 103 home
newyorkknicks 107 sacramentokings 99 away
memphisgrizzlies 91 utahjazz 87 away
portlandtrailblazers 100 atlantahawks 85 away
houstonrockets 120 philadelphiaSSers 98 home
milwaukeebucks 108 losangeleslakers 105 home
losangelesclippers 109 dallasmavericks 103 away
orlandomagic 110 charlottehornets 105 home
torontoraptors 105 bostonceltics 103 home
washingtonwizards 91 indianapacers 78 home
brooklynnets 108 clevelandcavaliers 97 home
miamiheat 110 detroitpistons 78 away
portlandtrailblazers 91 chicagobulls 74 away
minnesotatimberwolves 143 losangeleslakers 107 home
neworleanspelicans 102 utahjazz 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 94 sacramentokings 81 home
sanantoniospurs 133 denvernuggets 102 away
phoenixsuns 112 newyorkknicks 88 home
goldenstatewarriors 100 memphisgrizzlies 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 123 detroitpistons 98 home
losangelesclippers 118 houstonrockets 107 away
washingtonwizards 101 atlantahawks 97 home
dallasmavericks 103 sacramentokings 100 home
miamiheat 88 milwaukeebucks 67 away
sanantoniospurs 96 neworleanspelicans 80 home
oklahomacitythunder 116 utahjazz 96 home
clevelandcavaliers 90 indianapacers 76 home
brooklynnets 114 minnesotatimberwolves 99 home
torontoraptors 98 orlandomagic 93 away
chicagobulls 107 bostonceltics 102 away
newyorkknicks 89 goldenstatewarriors 84 away
portlandtrailblazers 105 memphisgrizzlies 98 home
losangeleslakers 115 phoenixsuns 99 home
charlottehornets 100 washingtonwizards 94 home
sanantoniospurs 103 indianapacers 77 away
atlantahawks 103 philadelphiaSSers 95 home
detroitpistons 116 milwaukeebucks 111 home
miamiheat 93 torontoraptors 83 home
chicagobulls 94 bostonceltics 80 home
losangelesclippers 114 minnesotatimberwolves 104 away
sacramentokings 102 neworleanspelicans 97 away
memphisgrizzlies 94 denvernuggets 92 away
newyorkknicks 92 utahjazz 83 away
brooklynnets 105 houstonrockets 96 home
goldenstatewarriors 122 dallasmavericks 120 away
portlandtrailblazers 124 losangeleslakers 112 away
indianapacers 101 detroitpistons 94 home
newyorkknicks 110 brooklynnets 81 home
clevelandcavaliers 119 orlandomagic 98 away
charlottehornets 123 philadelphiaSSers 93 away
torontoraptors 107 houstonrockets 103 home
washingtonwizards 118 bostonceltics 92 home
chicagobulls 105 atlantahawks 92 away
miamiheat 96 milwaukeebucks 77 home
minnesotatimberwolves 102 memphisgrizzlies 88 home
sanantoniospurs 111 goldenstatewarriors 90 home
denvernuggets 137 neworleanspelicans 107 home
losangelesclippers 112 phoenixsuns 108 away
sacramentokings 107 losangeleslakers 102 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 sanantoniospurs 94 home
dallasmavericks 113 losangelesclippers 107 away
memphisgrizzlies 100 denvernuggets 92 home
charlottehornets 91 orlandomagic 80 home
torontoraptors 102 indianapacers 94 home
atlantahawks 117 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
philadelphiaSSers 111 bostonceltics 102 away
brooklynnets 116 detroitpistons 104 home
minnesotatimberwolves 122 miamiheat 121 away
washingtonwizards 90 newyorkknicks 89 away
chicagobulls 102 milwaukeebucks 90 home
utahjazz 100 neworleanspelicans 96 home
houstonrockets 111 oklahomacitythunder 107 home
phoenixsuns 109 portlandtrailblazers 93 away
goldenstatewarriors 102 sacramentokings 69 home
dallasmavericks 107 losangeleslakers 95 away
orlandomagic 100 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
chicagobulls 96 washingtonwizards 78 away
charlottehornets 96 clevelandcavaliers 94 away
detroitpistons 115 bostonceltics 111 home
brooklynnets 105 philadelphiaSSers 101 away
torontoraptors 102 milwaukeebucks 98 away
miamiheat 102 newyorkknicks 91 home
losangelesclippers 120 losangeleslakers 97 home
dallasmavericks 93 sacramentokings 91 away
atlantahawks 107 indianapacers 88 away
houstonrockets 130 denvernuggets 125 home
sanantoniospurs 112 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
goldenstatewarriors 130 utahjazz 102 home
phoenixsuns 122 oklahomacitythunder 115 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 neworleanspelicans 94 home
brooklynnets 88 miamiheat 87 away
dallasmavericks 95 utahjazz 83 away
oklahomacitythunder 107 sacramentokings 92 away
houstonrockets 145 losangeleslakers 130 away
detroitpistons 102 atlantahawks 95 away
minnesotatimberwolves 110 sanantoniospurs 91 home
clevelandcavaliers 122 detroitpistons 100 home
orlandomagic 115 brooklynnets 111 home
torontoraptors 125 philadelphiaSSers 114 home
charlottehornets 94 washingtonwizards 88 away
atlantahawks 105 bostonceltics 97 home
memphisgrizzlies 107 miamiheat 102 home
indianapacers 104 milwaukeebucks 102 away
chicagobulls 102 minnesotatimberwolves 87 away
phoenixsuns 94 neworleanspelicans 88 away
denvernuggets 123 houstonrockets 116 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 sacramentokings 99 home
oklahomacitythunder 107 losangelesclippers 101 away
sanantoniospurs 109 dallasmavericks 100 away
denvernuggets 100 goldenstatewarriors 99 away
washingtonwizards 96 orlandomagic 86 away
newyorkknicks 108 torontoraptors 100 away
bostonceltics 106 charlottehornets 103 home
atlantahawks 93 brooklynnets 88 away
miamiheat 98 indianapacers 86 home
chicagobulls 106 detroitpistons 98 home
memphisgrizzlies 117 philadelphiaSSers 95 home
minnesotatimberwolves 112 houstonrockets 110 home
oklahomacitythunder 116 neworleanspelicans 94 home
milwaukeebucks 119 clevelandcavaliers 116 home
sanantoniospurs 112 phoenixsuns 104 home
portlandtrailblazers 111 utahjazz 99 away
goldenstatewarriors 112 losangeleslakers 95 away
losangelesclippers 117 sacramentokings 101 home
charlottehornets 111 philadelphiaSSers 105 home
washingtonwizards 104 milwaukeebucks 91 home
atlantahawks 98 miamiheat 85 home
bostonceltics 111 clevelandcavaliers 99 away
houstonrockets 111 neworleanspelicans 104 home
dallasmavericks 101 phoenixsuns 98 home
denvernuggets 101 utahjazz 94 home
newyorkknicks 100 chicagobulls 89 home
torontoraptors 116 detroitpistons 107 away
brooklynnets 97 orlandomagic 88 home
indianapacers 102 oklahomacitythunder 97 home
portlandtrailblazers 119 goldenstatewarriors 117 home
sacramentokings 106 minnesotatimberwolves 103 home
memphisgrizzlies 102 losangeleslakers 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 113 bostonceltics 108 home
torontoraptors 110 milwaukeebucks 100 home
washingtonwizards 114 miamiheat 93 home
charlottehornets 95 atlantahawks 93 away
chicagobulls 108 orlandomagic 95 home
houstonrockets 104 sanantoniospurs 98 home
neworleanspelicans 101 oklahomacitythunder 89 home
losangeleslakers 119 utahjazz 104 away
memphisgrizzlies 97 phoenixsuns 91 away
goldenstatewarriors 130 minnesotatimberwolves 120 home
newyorkknicks 109 brooklynnets 98 away
losangelesclippers 117 denvernuggets 105 home
memphisgrizzlies 106 dallasmavericks 105 home
atlantahawks 111 milwaukeebucks 103 away
utahjazz 136 minnesotatimberwolves 130 away
neworleanspelicans 105 houstonrockets 100 home
oklahomacitythunder 112 detroitpistons 111 home
losangeleslakers 113 sanantoniospurs 100 away
washingtonwizards 118 bostonceltics 102 away
charlottehornets 91 chicagobulls 86 home
clevelandcavaliers 114 brooklynnets 85 home
philadelphiaSSers 100 miamiheat 87 away
newyorkknicks 95 torontoraptors 92 home
indianapacers 101 orlandomagic 86 away
portlandtrailblazers 110 losangelesclippers 104 home
phoenixsuns 104 sacramentokings 99 away
goldenstatewarriors 116 denvernuggets 112 away
playoffs
goldenstatewarriors 109 losangelesclippers 105 away
oklahomacitythunder 100 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
atlantahawks 101 indianapacers 93 away
brooklynnets 94 torontoraptors 87 away
sanantoniospurs 90 dallasmavericks 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 122 houstonrockets 120 away
washingtonwizards 102 chicagobulls 93 away
miamiheat 99 charlottehornets 88 home
losangelesclippers 138 goldenstatewarriors 98 home
memphisgrizzlies 111 oklahomacitythunder 105 away
indianapacers 101 atlantahawks 85 home
washingtonwizards 101 chicagobulls 99 away
torontoraptors 100 brooklynnets 95 home
dallasmavericks 113 sanantoniospurs 92 away
portlandtrailblazers 112 houstonrockets 105 away
miamiheat 101 charlottehornets 97 home
losangelesclippers 98 goldenstatewarriors 96 away
memphisgrizzlies 98 oklahomacitythunder 95 home
atlantahawks 98 indianapacers 85 home
houstonrockets 121 portlandtrailblazers 116 away
chicagobulls 100 washingtonwizards 97 away
brooklynnets 102 torontoraptors 98 home
dallasmavericks 109 sanantoniospurs 108 home
oklahomacitythunder 92 memphisgrizzlies 89 away
indianapacers 91 atlantahawks 88 away
miamiheat 98 charlottehornets 85 away
portlandtrailblazers 123 houstonrockets 120 home
goldenstatewarriors 118 losangelesclippers 97 home
washingtonwizards 98 chicagobulls 89 home
torontoraptors 87 brooklynnets 79 away
sanantoniospurs 93 dallasmavericks 89 away
atlantahawks 107 indianapacers 97 away
miamiheat 109 charlottehornets 98 away
losangelesclippers 113 goldenstatewarriors 103 home
memphisgrizzlies 100 oklahomacitythunder 99 away
washingtonwizards 75 chicagobulls 69 away
sanantoniospurs 109 dallasmavericks 103 home
houstonrockets 108 portlandtrailblazers 98 home
torontoraptors 115 brooklynnets 113 home
goldenstatewarriors 100 losangelesclippers 99 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 memphisgrizzlies 84 away
indianapacers 95 atlantahawks 88 away
dallasmavericks 113 sanantoniospurs 111 home
portlandtrailblazers 99 houstonrockets 98 home
brooklynnets 97 torontoraptors 83 home
losangelesclippers 126 goldenstatewarriors 121 home
oklahomacitythunder 120 memphisgrizzlies 109 home
indianapacers 92 atlantahawks 80 home
sanantoniospurs 119 dallasmavericks 96 home
brooklynnets 104 torontoraptors 103 away
losangelesclippers 122 oklahomacitythunder 105 away
washingtonwizards 102 indianapacers 96 away
sanantoniospurs 116 portlandtrailblazers 92 home
miamiheat 107 brooklynnets 86 home
oklahomacitythunder 112 losangelesclippers 101 home
indianapacers 86 washingtonwizards 82 home
sanantoniospurs 114 portlandtrailblazers 97 home
miamiheat 94 brooklynnets 82 home
oklahomacitythunder 118 losangelesclippers 112 away
indianapacers 85 washingtonwizards 63 away
sanantoniospurs 118 portlandtrailblazers 103 away
brooklynnets 104 miamiheat 90 home
losangelesclippers 101 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
indianapacers 95 washingtonwizards 92 away
portlandtrailblazers 103 sanantoniospurs 92 home
miamiheat 102 brooklynnets 96 away
oklahomacitythunder 105 losangelesclippers 104 home
washingtonwizards 102 indianapacers 79 away
sanantoniospurs 104 portlandtrailblazers 82 home
miamiheat 96 brooklynnets 94 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 losangelesclippers 98 away
indianapacers 93 washingtonwizards 80 away
indianapacers 107 miamiheat 96 home
sanantoniospurs 122 oklahomacitythunder 105 home
miamiheat 87 indianapacers 83 away
sanantoniospurs 112 oklahomacitythunder 77 home
miamiheat 99 indianapacers 87 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 sanantoniospurs 97 home
miamiheat 102 indianapacers 90 home
oklahomacitythunder 105 sanantoniospurs 92 home
indianapacers 93 miamiheat 90 home
sanantoniospurs 117 oklahomacitythunder 89 home
miamiheat 117 indianapacers 92 home
sanantoniospurs 112 oklahomacitythunder 107 away
sanantoniospurs 110 miamiheat 95 home
miamiheat 98 sanantoniospurs 96 away
sanantoniospurs 111 miamiheat 92 away
sanantoniospurs 107 miamiheat 86 away
sanantoniospurs 104 miamiheat 87 home
yearEnd
neworleanspelicans 101 orlandomagic 84 home
sanantoniospurs 101 dallasmavericks 100 home
houstonrockets 108 losangeleslakers 90 away
charlottehornets 108 milwaukeebucks 106 home
indianapacers 103 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
bostonceltics 121 brooklynnets 105 home
miamiheat 107 washingtonwizards 95 home
torontoraptors 109 atlantahawks 102 home
memphisgrizzlies 105 minnesotatimberwolves 101 home
chicagobulls 104 newyorkknicks 80 away
denvernuggets 89 detroitpistons 79 home
houstonrockets 104 utahjazz 93 away
phoenixsuns 119 losangeleslakers 99 home
goldenstatewarriors 95 sacramentokings 77 away
portlandtrailblazers 106 oklahomacitythunder 89 home
washingtonwizards 105 orlandomagic 98 away
minnesotatimberwolves 97 detroitpistons 91 home
newyorkknicks 95 clevelandcavaliers 90 away
dallasmavericks 120 utahjazz 102 home
losangelesclippers 93 oklahomacitythunder 90 home
memphisgrizzlies 97 indianapacers 89 away
clevelandcavaliers 114 chicagobulls 108 away
milwaukeebucks 93 philadelphiaSSers 81 home
phoenixsuns 94 sanantoniospurs 89 home
sacramentokings 103 portlandtrailblazers 94 home
losangelesclippers 118 losangeleslakers 111 home
dallasmavericks 109 neworleanspelicans 104 away
memphisgrizzlies 71 charlottehornets 69 away
torontoraptors 108 orlandomagic 95 away
miamiheat 114 philadelphiaSSers 96 away
washingtonwizards 108 milwaukeebucks 97 home
atlantahawks 102 indianapacers 92 home
brooklynnets 102 detroitpistons 90 away
houstonrockets 104 bostonceltics 90 home
chicagobulls 106 minnesotatimberwolves 105 away
oklahomacitythunder 102 denvernuggets 91 home
utahjazz 118 phoenixsuns 91 home
goldenstatewarriors 127 losangeleslakers 104 home
sacramentokings 98 losangelesclippers 92 away
miamiheat 107 torontoraptors 102 home
newyorkknicks 96 charlottehornets 93 home
goldenstatewarriors 95 portlandtrailblazers 90 away
houstonrockets 104 philadelphiaSSers 93 away
brooklynnets 116 oklahomacitythunder 85 home
memphisgrizzlies 93 neworleanspelicans 81 home
dallasmavericks 118 bostonceltics 113 home
sacramentokings 110 denvernuggets 105 away
losangelesclippers 107 utahjazz 101 home
milwaukeebucks 87 indianapacers 81 away
houstonrockets 108 miamiheat 91 away
washingtonwizards 98 newyorkknicks 83 away
torontoraptors 100 oklahomacitythunder 88 home
chicagobulls 98 orlandomagic 90 home
neworleanspelicans 100 charlottehornets 91 home
portlandtrailblazers 101 clevelandcavaliers 82 home
phoenixsuns 112 losangeleslakers 106 away
charlottehornets 96 miamiheat 89 home
orlandomagic 91 philadelphiaSSers 89 away
torontoraptors 110 bostonceltics 107 away
minnesotatimberwolves 98 brooklynnets 91 away
detroitpistons 98 newyorkknicks 95 home
chicagobulls 95 milwaukeebucks 86 away
washingtonwizards 96 indianapacers 94 home
sanantoniospurs 94 atlantahawks 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 102 phoenixsuns 91 away
utahjazz 102 clevelandcavaliers 100 home
sacramentokings 131 denvernuggets 109 home
goldenstatewarriors 121 losangelesclippers 104 home
houstonrockets 98 sanantoniospurs 81 home
portlandtrailblazers 108 dallasmavericks 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 91 oklahomacitythunder 89 away
sacramentokings 114 phoenixsuns 112 away
dallasmavericks 105 utahjazz 82 away
clevelandcavaliers 110 denvernuggets 101 away
charlottehornets 122 atlantahawks 119 home
orlandomagic 112 minnesotatimberwolves 103 home
chicagobulls 118 philadelphiaSSers 115 away
bostonceltics 101 indianapacers 98 home
brooklynnets 110 newyorkknicks 99 home
detroitpistons 98 milwaukeebucks 95 home
torontoraptors 103 washingtonwizards 84 home
losangelesclippers 106 portlandtrailblazers 102 home
washingtonwizards 97 indianapacers 90 away
atlantahawks 103 newyorkknicks 96 home
miamiheat 102 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
bostonceltics 106 chicagobulls 101 away
goldenstatewarriors 98 houstonrockets 87 away
milwaukeebucks 93 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
neworleanspelicans 100 sanantoniospurs 99 away
brooklynnets 104 orlandomagic 96 home
utahjazz 97 detroitpistons 96 away
oklahomacitythunder 101 sacramentokings 93 home
torontoraptors 120 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
miamiheat 105 dallasmavericks 96 away
phoenixsuns 107 goldenstatewarriors 95 home
portlandtrailblazers 116 denvernuggets 100 home
losangeleslakers 107 charlottehornets 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 118 neworleanspelicans 111 home
indianapacers 97 utahjazz 86 home
atlantahawks 91 newyorkknicks 85 away
chicagobulls 102 detroitpistons 91 home
sanantoniospurs 89 losangelesclippers 85 away
torontoraptors 104 orlandomagic 100 home
memphisgrizzlies 107 losangeleslakers 102 home
milwaukeebucks 85 oklahomacitythunder 78 home
dallasmavericks 106 sacramentokings 98 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 charlottehornets 100 home
sanantoniospurs 113 goldenstatewarriors 100 away
washingtonwizards 107 detroitpistons 103 home
atlantahawks 100 utahjazz 97 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 bostonceltics 94 away
indianapacers 81 miamiheat 75 away
orlandomagic 97 newyorkknicks 95 away
neworleanspelicans 109 losangeleslakers 102 home
portlandtrailblazers 130 denvernuggets 113 away
phoenixsuns 112 brooklynnets 104 home
houstonrockets 113 minnesotatimberwolves 101 away
memphisgrizzlies 111 sacramentokings 110 home
chicagobulls 100 torontoraptors 93 away
dallasmavericks 123 philadelphiaSSers 70 home
goldenstatewarriors 107 brooklynnets 99 home
denvernuggets 108 indianapacers 87 away
orlandomagic 101 milwaukeebucks 85 home
atlantahawks 114 miamiheat 103 home
clevelandcavaliers 122 bostonceltics 121 away
utahjazz 102 newyorkknicks 100 away
houstonrockets 88 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
neworleanspelicans 139 minnesotatimberwolves 91 home
detroitpistons 96 oklahomacitythunder 89 away
charlottehornets 103 phoenixsuns 95 away
sanantoniospurs 93 losangeleslakers 80 away
washingtonwizards 98 orlandomagic 93 home
clevelandcavaliers 127 atlantahawks 94 home
torontoraptors 111 utahjazz 93 home
indianapacers 99 chicagobulls 90 away
memphisgrizzlies 95 detroitpistons 88 home
dallasmavericks 131 minnesotatimberwolves 117 home
portlandtrailblazers 97 brooklynnets 87 home
sacramentokings 94 sanantoniospurs 91 home
goldenstatewarriors 112 charlottehornets 87 home
losangelesclippers 120 phoenixsuns 107 home
newyorkknicks 109 denvernuggets 93 home
milwaukeebucks 91 miamiheat 84 away
houstonrockets 69 oklahomacitythunder 65 away
goldenstatewarriors 136 losangeleslakers 115 away
dallasmavericks 107 charlottehornets 80 away
denvernuggets 106 clevelandcavaliers 97 away
phoenixsuns 118 bostonceltics 114 away
miamiheat 95 brooklynnets 83 away
orlandomagic 107 detroitpistons 93 away
memphisgrizzlies 119 houstonrockets 93 home
sanantoniospurs 100 philadelphiaSSers 75 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 neworleanspelicans 93 home
chicagobulls 105 losangelesclippers 89 away
losangeleslakers 114 atlantahawks 109 away
milwaukeebucks 117 newyorkknicks 113 home
utahjazz 98 oklahomacitythunder 81 home
neworleanspelicans 106 sacramentokings 100 away
sanantoniospurs 92 clevelandcavaliers 90 away
indianapacers 88 charlottehornets 86 home
losangelesclippers 114 orlandomagic 90 away
bostonceltics 101 philadelphiaSSers 90 away
dallasmavericks 105 washingtonwizards 102 away
milwaukeebucks 122 brooklynnets 118 away
phoenixsuns 88 detroitpistons 86 away
torontoraptors 96 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
minnesotatimberwolves 115 newyorkknicks 99 home
denvernuggets 107 oklahomacitythunder 100 home
losangeleslakers 98 houstonrockets 92 away
losangelesclippers 110 miamiheat 93 away
sacramentokings 103 chicagobulls 88 home
orlandomagic 105 charlottehornets 100 away
phoenixsuns 122 philadelphiaSSers 96 away
atlantahawks 99 detroitpistons 89 home
torontoraptors 124 milwaukeebucks 82 home
memphisgrizzlies 117 bostonceltics 100 home
sanantoniospurs 121 minnesotatimberwolves 92 away
brooklynnets 94 oklahomacitythunder 92 away
washingtonwizards 91 clevelandcavaliers 78 home
dallasmavericks 140 losangeleslakers 106 home
denvernuggets 117 neworleanspelicans 97 home
goldenstatewarriors 101 utahjazz 88 home
portlandtrailblazers 105 chicagobulls 87 home
phoenixsuns 106 indianapacers 83 away
miamiheat 99 orlandomagic 92 away
torontoraptors 110 clevelandcavaliers 93 away
newyorkknicks 91 philadelphiaSSers 83 home
houstonrockets 95 dallasmavericks 92 home
sacramentokings 113 minnesotatimberwolves 101 away
washingtonwizards 111 milwaukeebucks 100 away
sanantoniospurs 99 brooklynnets 87 home
neworleanspelicans 106 utahjazz 94 away
memphisgrizzlies 107 losangelesclippers 91 home
portlandtrailblazers 94 bostonceltics 88 away
miamiheat 94 charlottehornets 93 home
goldenstatewarriors 91 oklahomacitythunder 86 away
denvernuggets 101 losangeleslakers 94 away
losangelesclippers 113 charlottehornets 92 away
clevelandcavaliers 106 orlandomagic 74 home
portlandtrailblazers 114 philadelphiaSSers 104 away
torontoraptors 104 phoenixsuns 100 home
houstonrockets 91 newyorkknicks 86 home
indianapacers 111 dallasmavericks 100 away
chicagobulls 97 utahjazz 95 away
atlantahawks 106 washingtonwizards 102 away
goldenstatewarriors 114 miamiheat 97 away
milwaukeebucks 98 detroitpistons 86 home
sacramentokings 99 neworleanspelicans 89 away
denvernuggets 114 chicagobulls 109 home
portlandtrailblazers 105 charlottehornets 97 away
clevelandcavaliers 113 washingtonwizards 87 home
goldenstatewarriors 111 orlandomagic 96 away
brooklynnets 99 philadelphiaSSers 91 away
dallasmavericks 109 newyorkknicks 102 home
torontoraptors 126 atlantahawks 115 away
losangelesclippers 104 detroitpistons 98 away
houstonrockets 102 sacramentokings 89 home
milwaukeebucks 103 minnesotatimberwolves 86 away
oklahomacitythunder 97 utahjazz 82 home
sanantoniospurs 106 indianapacers 100 home
phoenixsuns 120 denvernuggets 112 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 losangeleslakers 93 away
chicagobulls 109 bostonceltics 102 away
goldenstatewarriors 106 charlottehornets 101 away
atlantahawks 100 neworleanspelicans 91 home
milwaukeebucks 104 detroitpistons 88 away
dallasmavericks 106 torontoraptors 102 away
losangelesclippers 102 houstonrockets 85 away
oklahomacitythunder 105 newyorkknicks 78 home
indianapacers 98 orlandomagic 83 home
sanantoniospurs 112 sacramentokings 104 home
denvernuggets 122 phoenixsuns 97 home
memphisgrizzlies 112 portlandtrailblazers 99 away
minnesotatimberwolves 120 losangeleslakers 119 away
dallasmavericks 110 philadelphiaSSers 103 away
washingtonwizards 83 neworleanspelicans 80 home
atlantahawks 105 charlottehornets 75 home
clevelandcavaliers 109 indianapacers 97 home
losangelesclippers 112 utahjazz 96 away
houstonrockets 117 milwaukeebucks 103 away
sanantoniospurs 111 bostonceltics 89 away
chicagobulls 102 brooklynnets 84 away
goldenstatewarriors 104 detroitpistons 93 away
memphisgrizzlies 97 sacramentokings 85 away
miamiheat 86 newyorkknicks 79 away
orlandomagic 93 phoenixsuns 90 away
portlandtrailblazers 107 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
losangeleslakers 129 torontoraptors 122 home
sanantoniospurs 109 philadelphiaSSers 103 away
washingtonwizards 107 miamiheat 86 home
denvernuggets 103 utahjazz 101 away
losangelesclippers 127 minnesotatimberwolves 101 home
clevelandcavaliers 111 milwaukeebucks 108 home
atlantahawks 109 bostonceltics 105 home
losangeleslakers 106 detroitpistons 96 away
brooklynnets 98 newyorkknicks 93 away
dallasmavericks 132 chicagobulls 129 away
neworleanspelicans 112 oklahomacitythunder 104 home
portlandtrailblazers 105 denvernuggets 103 away
phoenixsuns 116 indianapacers 99 home
torontoraptors 117 sacramentokings 109 away
goldenstatewarriors 98 orlandomagic 97 home
chicagobulls 102 charlottehornets 95 away
washingtonwizards 111 losangeleslakers 95 home
bostonceltics 109 detroitpistons 102 home
brooklynnets 95 sanantoniospurs 93 home
atlantahawks 112 miamiheat 102 away
houstonrockets 105 memphisgrizzlies 96 home
dallasmavericks 107 milwaukeebucks 105 away
philadelphiaSSers 85 minnesotatimberwolves 77 away
torontoraptors 123 utahjazz 104 away
losangelesclippers 114 orlandomagic 86 home
clevelandcavaliers 90 newyorkknicks 87 away
portlandtrailblazers 88 indianapacers 82 home
goldenstatewarriors 112 neworleanspelicans 85 home
charlottehornets 103 newyorkknicks 102 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 philadelphiaSSers 91 away
washingtonwizards 119 denvernuggets 89 home
bostonceltics 113 losangeleslakers 96 home
atlantahawks 98 brooklynnets 75 away
clevelandcavaliers 105 torontoraptors 91 away
sanantoniospurs 107 memphisgrizzlies 101 away
houstonrockets 114 minnesotatimberwolves 112 away
phoenixsuns 118 dallasmavericks 106 away
milwaukeebucks 109 miamiheat 85 home
orlandomagic 98 utahjazz 93 away
sacramentokings 102 indianapacers 101 home
philadelphiaSSers 108 detroitpistons 101 away
goldenstatewarriors 112 chicagobulls 102 away
houstonrockets 100 phoenixsuns 95 home
sanantoniospurs 123 minnesotatimberwolves 101 home
orlandomagic 105 sacramentokings 96 away
losangelesclippers 120 neworleanspelicans 100 home
bostonceltics 101 washingtonwizards 93 home
atlantahawks 96 denvernuggets 84 home
memphisgrizzlies 103 miamiheat 87 home
oklahomacitythunder 96 detroitpistons 94 away
dallasmavericks 125 milwaukeebucks 102 home
portlandtrailblazers 103 newyorkknicks 99 away
neworleanspelicans 104 losangeleslakers 87 away
atlantahawks 108 indianapacers 92 away
washingtonwizards 133 bostonceltics 132 home
clevelandcavaliers 110 brooklynnets 88 away
torontoraptors 112 denvernuggets 107 home
goldenstatewarriors 102 minnesotatimberwolves 86 away
sacramentokings 101 utahjazz 92 home
losangelesclippers 121 phoenixsuns 120 home
clevelandcavaliers 105 torontoraptors 101 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 detroitpistons 86 away
memphisgrizzlies 114 dallasmavericks 105 home
neworleanspelicans 104 newyorkknicks 93 home
oklahomacitythunder 114 milwaukeebucks 101 home
miamiheat 103 phoenixsuns 97 away
utahjazz 100 sanantoniospurs 96 home
losangeleslakers 98 sacramentokings 95 home
charlottehornets 96 bostonceltics 87 home
losangelesclippers 103 indianapacers 96 away
washingtonwizards 91 orlandomagic 89 away
atlantahawks 95 philadelphiaSSers 79 home
chicagobulls 105 brooklynnets 80 home
minnesotatimberwolves 90 portlandtrailblazers 82 home
sanantoniospurs 109 newyorkknicks 95 home
dallasmavericks 112 neworleanspelicans 107 home
goldenstatewarriors 105 houstonrockets 93 home
denvernuggets 102 miamiheat 82 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 clevelandcavaliers 94 home
houstonrockets 113 sacramentokings 109 away
memphisgrizzlies 113 charlottehornets 107 home
oklahomacitythunder 111 minnesotatimberwolves 92 away
neworleanspelicans 119 clevelandcavaliers 114 home
detroitpistons 105 phoenixsuns 103 away
miamiheat 100 utahjazz 95 away
losangeleslakers 112 sanantoniospurs 110 away
chicagobulls 115 portlandtrailblazers 106 home
washingtonwizards 104 losangelesclippers 96 home
atlantahawks 87 orlandomagic 81 home
newyorkknicks 101 bostonceltics 95 away
brooklynnets 88 philadelphiaSSers 70 home
torontoraptors 106 indianapacers 94 home
goldenstatewarriors 105 dallasmavericks 98 away
brooklynnets 114 charlottehornets 87 away
portlandtrailblazers 95 indianapacers 85 away
orlandomagic 100 atlantahawks 99 home
milwaukeebucks 111 losangelesclippers 106 home
memphisgrizzlies 120 philadelphiaSSers 115 away
houstonrockets 108 denvernuggets 96 home
detroitpistons 95 sacramentokings 90 away
goldenstatewarriors 128 neworleanspelicans 122 away
chicagobulls 93 miamiheat 75 away
washingtonwizards 93 utahjazz 84 home
losangeleslakers 100 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
oklahomacitythunder 112 phoenixsuns 88 home
torontoraptors 95 newyorkknicks 90 away
sanantoniospurs 99 denvernuggets 91 away
clevelandcavaliers 97 charlottehornets 88 home
indianapacers 110 losangeleslakers 91 home
bostonceltics 105 philadelphiaSSers 87 away
atlantahawks 93 chicagobulls 86 home
torontoraptors 95 orlandomagic 82 home
milwaukeebucks 96 phoenixsuns 94 away
portlandtrailblazers 108 sanantoniospurs 95 home
losangelesclippers 113 detroitpistons 91 home
washingtonwizards 109 minnesotatimberwolves 95 home
miamiheat 95 brooklynnets 91 away
memphisgrizzlies 105 goldenstatewarriors 98 home
neworleanspelicans 119 utahjazz 111 home
dallasmavericks 107 newyorkknicks 87 away
oklahomacitythunder 104 sacramentokings 92 away
phoenixsuns 111 charlottehornets 106 away
atlantahawks 127 clevelandcavaliers 98 away
bostonceltics 109 orlandomagic 92 home
dallasmavericks 117 detroitpistons 106 away
utahjazz 105 miamiheat 87 away
torontoraptors 105 brooklynnets 89 home
memphisgrizzlies 117 sanantoniospurs 116 away
portlandtrailblazers 104 milwaukeebucks 97 home
losangelesclippers 102 indianapacers 100 home
houstonrockets 115 denvernuggets 111 away
chicagobulls 103 newyorkknicks 97 home
neworleanspelicans 99 houstonrockets 90 away
milwaukeebucks 108 sacramentokings 107 away
goldenstatewarriors 114 oklahomacitythunder 109 home
utahjazz 101 orlandomagic 94 away
charlottehornets 109 philadelphiaSSers 91 away
bostonceltics 114 minnesotatimberwolves 98 home
clevelandcavaliers 95 brooklynnets 91 home
torontoraptors 110 detroitpistons 100 away
washingtonwizards 105 miamiheat 103 away
chicagobulls 103 memphisgrizzlies 97 away
portlandtrailblazers 129 sanantoniospurs 119 away
denvernuggets 109 losangelesclippers 106 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 losangeleslakers 103 away
phoenixsuns 99 newyorkknicks 90 away
portlandtrailblazers 114 neworleanspelicans 88 away
charlottehornets 104 utahjazz 86 home
atlantahawks 104 houstonrockets 97 away
dallasmavericks 99 sanantoniospurs 93 home
denvernuggets 76 indianapacers 73 home
losangelesclippers 106 milwaukeebucks 102 home
torontoraptors 118 newyorkknicks 108 home
clevelandcavaliers 105 memphisgrizzlies 91 home
sacramentokings 108 losangeleslakers 101 home
brooklynnets 110 detroitpistons 105 home
miamiheat 100 bostonceltics 84 home
philadelphiaSSers 96 orlandomagic 88 away
phoenixsuns 104 washingtonwizards 92 away
indianapacers 100 minnesotatimberwolves 96 away
neworleanspelicans 101 oklahomacitythunder 99 away
charlottehornets 110 denvernuggets 82 home
chicagobulls 129 torontoraptors 120 home
houstonrockets 110 portlandtrailblazers 95 home
utahjazz 97 memphisgrizzlies 91 away
atlantahawks 105 dallasmavericks 102 away
sanantoniospurs 125 losangelesclippers 118 home
goldenstatewarriors 128 sacramentokings 108 home
clevelandcavaliers 125 minnesotatimberwolves 104 home
indianapacers 96 neworleanspelicans 84 home
orlandomagic 100 bostonceltics 95 home
chicagobulls 99 washingtonwizards 91 away
atlantahawks 107 losangelesclippers 104 home
brooklynnets 102 denvernuggets 96 home
philadelphiaSSers 91 miamiheat 87 away
charlottehornets 108 milwaukeebucks 101 away
portlandtrailblazers 115 oklahomacitythunder 111 away
phoenixsuns 124 dallasmavericks 115 home
losangeleslakers 115 goldenstatewarriors 105 home
washingtonwizards 102 newyorkknicks 91 away
oklahomacitythunder 114 sanantoniospurs 106 away
miamiheat 101 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
chicagobulls 113 losangeleslakers 93 home
losangelesclippers 100 goldenstatewarriors 86 home
brooklynnets 109 bostonceltics 107 away
clevelandcavaliers 98 orlandomagic 89 away
milwaukeebucks 107 atlantahawks 77 away
detroitpistons 119 indianapacers 109 home
houstonrockets 117 memphisgrizzlies 111 away
neworleanspelicans 97 sanantoniospurs 90 home
oklahomacitythunder 98 charlottehornets 75 home
dallasmavericks 102 losangeleslakers 98 home
denvernuggets 106 minnesotatimberwolves 102 home
portlandtrailblazers 114 philadelphiaSSers 93 home
phoenixsuns 115 sacramentokings 106 away
torontoraptors 110 losangelesclippers 98 away
orlandomagic 102 charlottehornets 94 away
washingtonwizards 101 bostonceltics 88 home
memphisgrizzlies 103 miamiheat 95 away
chicagobulls 107 neworleanspelicans 100 home
indianapacers 110 brooklynnets 85 away
atlantahawks 90 milwaukeebucks 85 away
utahjazz 88 philadelphiaSSers 71 home
sacramentokings 135 newyorkknicks 129 home
goldenstatewarriors 110 minnesotatimberwolves 97 home
detroitpistons 103 clevelandcavaliers 80 away
sanantoniospurs 110 houstonrockets 106 home
dallasmavericks 112 oklahomacitythunder 107 home
portlandtrailblazers 101 newyorkknicks 79 home
torontoraptors 116 denvernuggets 102 away
phoenixsuns 116 losangeleslakers 107 away
milwaukeebucks 104 charlottehornets 94 away
chicagobulls 92 indianapacers 90 away
brooklynnets 107 sacramentokings 99 home
orlandomagic 102 miamiheat 101 away
washingtonwizards 104 houstonrockets 103 away
losangelesclippers 101 utahjazz 97 home
detroitpistons 109 orlandomagic 86 away
atlantahawks 109 clevelandcavaliers 101 home
brooklynnets 96 chicagobulls 82 away
memphisgrizzlies 95 sanantoniospurs 87 home
neworleanspelicans 110 phoenixsuns 106 home
dallasmavericks 114 washingtonwizards 87 home
losangeleslakers 111 denvernuggets 103 away
utahjazz 100 minnesotatimberwolves 94 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 torontoraptors 97 home
goldenstatewarriors 126 philadelphiaSSers 86 home
bostonceltics 106 sacramentokings 84 home
indianapacers 106 miamiheat 95 home
losangelesclippers 99 newyorkknicks 78 home
houstonrockets 102 charlottehornets 83 home
milwaukeebucks 96 clevelandcavaliers 80 away
oklahomacitythunder 137 phoenixsuns 134 home
sanantoniospurs 95 neworleanspelicans 93 home
chicagobulls 106 denvernuggets 101 home
sacramentokings 110 minnesotatimberwolves 107 away
clevelandcavaliers 91 charlottehornets 87 away
brooklynnets 100 orlandomagic 98 away
dallasmavericks 119 bostonceltics 101 away
detroitpistons 97 newyorkknicks 81 away
neworleanspelicans 111 houstonrockets 83 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 washingtonwizards 102 home
indianapacers 94 milwaukeebucks 91 away
phoenixsuns 112 philadelphiaSSers 96 home
atlantahawks 98 utahjazz 92 away
goldenstatewarriors 126 torontoraptors 105 home
memphisgrizzlies 109 losangeleslakers 106 away
charlottehornets 98 orlandomagic 90 away
chicagobulls 109 bostonceltics 104 home
houstonrockets 115 miamiheat 79 home
utahjazz 101 minnesotatimberwolves 89 away
sanantoniospurs 101 washingtonwizards 92 home
denvernuggets 114 memphisgrizzlies 85 home
atlantahawks 115 portlandtrailblazers 107 away
losangelesclippers 127 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
dallasmavericks 109 clevelandcavaliers 90 away
detroitpistons 114 sacramentokings 95 home
miamiheat 88 brooklynnets 84 home
milwaukeebucks 95 newyorkknicks 82 away
phoenixsuns 125 torontoraptors 109 home
losangeleslakers 88 indianapacers 87 home
philadelphiaSSers 95 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
charlottehornets 104 bostonceltics 95 away
dallasmavericks 96 brooklynnets 88 away
chicagobulls 114 houstonrockets 105 home
memphisgrizzlies 105 newyorkknicks 83 home
denvernuggets 110 minnesotatimberwolves 101 away
washingtonwizards 92 neworleanspelicans 85 away
indianapacers 105 utahjazz 101 away
portlandtrailblazers 98 losangeleslakers 94 home
goldenstatewarriors 117 oklahomacitythunder 91 home
atlantahawks 107 losangelesclippers 98 away
phoenixsuns 102 milwaukeebucks 96 away
detroitpistons 105 sanantoniospurs 104 away
charlottehornets 98 neworleanspelicans 94 home
houstonrockets 105 clevelandcavaliers 93 away
milwaukeebucks 97 philadelphiaSSers 77 away
washingtonwizards 101 newyorkknicks 91 home
atlantahawks 96 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
bostonceltics 89 brooklynnets 81 away
utahjazz 97 chicagobulls 77 away
detroitpistons 108 dallasmavericks 95 away
denvernuggets 93 orlandomagic 90 home
phoenixsuns 113 minnesotatimberwolves 111 away
sacramentokings 104 oklahomacitythunder 83 home
goldenstatewarriors 117 indianapacers 102 home
losangelesclippers 114 losangeleslakers 89 home
charlottehornets 103 torontoraptors 95 away
houstonrockets 120 newyorkknicks 96 away
portlandtrailblazers 99 miamiheat 83 home
indianapacers 107 bostonceltics 103 home
philadelphiaSSers 90 brooklynnets 88 away
atlantahawks 106 detroitpistons 103 away
neworleanspelicans 106 memphisgrizzlies 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 99 utahjazz 94 home
washingtonwizards 102 chicagobulls 86 home
milwaukeebucks 98 minnesotatimberwolves 84 home
sanantoniospurs 100 phoenixsuns 95 home
denvernuggets 118 sacramentokings 108 away
goldenstatewarriors 112 clevelandcavaliers 94 home
losangeleslakers 101 orlandomagic 84 home
charlottehornets 110 newyorkknicks 82 away
losangelesclippers 120 dallasmavericks 100 home
detroitpistons 98 brooklynnets 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 93 indianapacers 92 home
torontoraptors 109 bostonceltics 96 home
chicagobulls 95 milwaukeebucks 87 home
houstonrockets 97 utahjazz 82 home
sanantoniospurs 108 minnesotatimberwolves 93 away
portlandtrailblazers 103 orlandomagic 92 home
atlantahawks 120 washingtonwizards 89 home
miamiheat 104 losangelesclippers 90 away
memphisgrizzlies 122 phoenixsuns 110 home
sacramentokings 103 clevelandcavaliers 84 home
portlandtrailblazers 106 losangeleslakers 94 away
bostonceltics 108 neworleanspelicans 100 home
houstonrockets 113 brooklynnets 99 away
detroitpistons 114 torontoraptors 111 away
orlandomagic 121 chicagobulls 114 away
minnesotatimberwolves 110 indianapacers 101 away
atlantahawks 105 philadelphiaSSers 87 away
washingtonwizards 101 sanantoniospurs 93 home
phoenixsuns 107 clevelandcavaliers 100 home
goldenstatewarriors 116 utahjazz 105 away
dallasmavericks 108 sacramentokings 104 away
miamiheat 78 losangeleslakers 75 away
sanantoniospurs 98 charlottehornets 93 away
orlandomagic 120 houstonrockets 113 home
memphisgrizzlies 103 brooklynnets 92 away
neworleanspelicans 105 detroitpistons 94 away
torontoraptors 100 philadelphiaSSers 84 home
washingtonwizards 105 chicagobulls 99 away
atlantahawks 105 bostonceltics 91 away
denvernuggets 114 dallasmavericks 107 home
goldenstatewarriors 104 miamiheat 89 home
losangelesclippers 100 portlandtrailblazers 94 away
houstonrockets 112 oklahomacitythunder 101 home
milwaukeebucks 95 newyorkknicks 79 home
clevelandcavaliers 109 losangeleslakers 102 away
brooklynnets 102 washingtonwizards 80 away
chicagobulls 119 bostonceltics 103 away
atlantahawks 110 torontoraptors 89 away
oklahomacitythunder 127 goldenstatewarriors 115 home
dallasmavericks 97 denvernuggets 89 home
sanantoniospurs 110 portlandtrailblazers 96 home
phoenixsuns 110 minnesotatimberwolves 99 home
utahjazz 94 losangeleslakers 85 home
miamiheat 95 sacramentokings 83 away
clevelandcavaliers 126 losangelesclippers 121 away
detroitpistons 98 indianapacers 96 away
memphisgrizzlies 106 orlandomagic 96 away
philadelphiaSSers 96 neworleanspelicans 81 home
charlottehornets 80 indianapacers 71 home
detroitpistons 107 philadelphiaSSers 89 home
atlantahawks 107 chicagobulls 99 away
goldenstatewarriors 131 houstonrockets 106 away
memphisgrizzlies 102 portlandtrailblazers 98 home
washingtonwizards 99 brooklynnets 90 away
minnesotatimberwolves 113 denvernuggets 105 away
losangelesclippers 117 sacramentokings 108 away
neworleanspelicans 95 torontoraptors 93 away
oklahomacitythunder 127 orlandomagic 99 away
sanantoniospurs 89 utahjazz 69 home
charlottehornets 105 minnesotatimberwolves 80 home
washingtonwizards 111 philadelphiaSSers 76 home
atlantahawks 93 detroitpistons 82 home
losangelesclippers 102 bostonceltics 93 home
goldenstatewarriors 122 denvernuggets 79 home
dallasmavericks 103 memphisgrizzlies 95 away
houstonrockets 110 indianapacers 98 home
newyorkknicks 99 neworleanspelicans 92 home
torontoraptors 92 milwaukeebucks 89 away
clevelandcavaliers 108 chicagobulls 94 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 sacramentokings 94 home
phoenixsuns 115 losangeleslakers 100 home
oklahomacitythunder 94 miamiheat 86 away
sanantoniospurs 109 denvernuggets 99 away
charlottehornets 78 miamiheat 76 home
clevelandcavaliers 106 utahjazz 92 home
newyorkknicks 98 philadelphiaSSers 91 away
atlantahawks 110 indianapacers 91 home
detroitpistons 128 orlandomagic 118 home
memphisgrizzlies 92 torontoraptors 86 home
dallasmavericks 98 minnesotatimberwolves 75 away
neworleanspelicans 96 losangeleslakers 80 home
oklahomacitythunder 105 washingtonwizards 103 away
phoenixsuns 118 portlandtrailblazers 113 home
brooklynnets 103 sacramentokings 100 away
goldenstatewarriors 126 houstonrockets 113 home
chicagobulls 104 sanantoniospurs 81 home
utahjazz 101 milwaukeebucks 99 away
bostonceltics 90 portlandtrailblazers 89 away
losangelesclippers 123 brooklynnets 84 home
torontoraptors 91 philadelphiaSSers 86 away
atlantahawks 103 oklahomacitythunder 93 home
clevelandcavaliers 129 charlottehornets 90 home
miamiheat 89 indianapacers 87 home
newyorkknicks 113 orlandomagic 106 home
chicagobulls 102 dallasmavericks 98 away
neworleanspelicans 92 minnesotatimberwolves 84 away
sanantoniospurs 99 losangeleslakers 85 home
bostonceltics 100 denvernuggets 99 away
houstonrockets 113 phoenixsuns 111 away
goldenstatewarriors 126 sacramentokings 101 home
charlottehornets 76 newyorkknicks 71 home
milwaukeebucks 101 detroitpistons 86 home
memphisgrizzlies 101 philadelphiaSSers 83 home
utahjazz 108 brooklynnets 73 home
portlandtrailblazers 103 washingtonwizards 96 home
miamiheat 96 chicagobulls 84 away
clevelandcavaliers 108 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
losangelesclippers 120 phoenixsuns 100 away
neworleanspelicans 109 dallasmavericks 106 home
atlantahawks 112 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
indianapacers 106 orlandomagic 99 away
sanantoniospurs 101 milwaukeebucks 95 home
torontoraptors 114 detroitpistons 110 home
goldenstatewarriors 114 bostonceltics 111 home
washingtonwizards 117 denvernuggets 115 away
houstonrockets 99 losangeleslakers 87 away
memphisgrizzlies 103 orlandomagic 94 home
neworleanspelicans 99 philadelphiaSSers 74 home
oklahomacitythunder 92 minnesotatimberwolves 84 home
bostonceltics 99 utahjazz 90 away
losangelesclippers 102 denvernuggets 98 home
torontoraptors 104 indianapacers 91 away
clevelandcavaliers 103 detroitpistons 95 away
milwaukeebucks 109 miamiheat 102 away
memphisgrizzlies 109 dallasmavericks 90 away
chicagobulls 113 goldenstatewarriors 111 away
washingtonwizards 98 losangeleslakers 92 away
clevelandcavaliers 99 portlandtrailblazers 94 home
philadelphiaSSers 89 detroitpistons 69 home
atlantahawks 113 brooklynnets 102 home
torontoraptors 119 sacramentokings 102 home
houstonrockets 99 dallasmavericks 94 home
minnesotatimberwolves 110 bostonceltics 98 home
denvernuggets 93 neworleanspelicans 85 away
newyorkknicks 100 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
sanantoniospurs 95 charlottehornets 86 home
losangelesclippers 94 utahjazz 89 away
phoenixsuns 106 washingtonwizards 98 home
milwaukeebucks 115 orlandomagic 100 away
memphisgrizzlies 99 denvernuggets 69 home
indianapacers 103 newyorkknicks 82 home
losangeleslakers 123 chicagobulls 118 home
philadelphiaSSers 103 minnesotatimberwolves 94 home
atlantahawks 105 portlandtrailblazers 99 home
houstonrockets 93 bostonceltics 87 away
torontoraptors 127 brooklynnets 122 away
clevelandcavaliers 101 sacramentokings 90 home
neworleanspelicans 108 losangelesclippers 103 home
dallasmavericks 93 miamiheat 72 away
utahjazz 110 goldenstatewarriors 100 home
phoenixsuns 99 chicagobulls 93 home
sacramentokings 99 indianapacers 94 away
dallasmavericks 108 orlandomagic 93 away
torontoraptors 120 washingtonwizards 116 away
atlantahawks 91 philadelphiaSSers 85 home
detroitpistons 114 houstonrockets 101 home
memphisgrizzlies 85 oklahomacitythunder 74 home
clevelandcavaliers 106 minnesotatimberwolves 90 away
milwaukeebucks 95 portlandtrailblazers 88 home
charlottehornets 104 denvernuggets 86 away
losangelesclippers 105 sanantoniospurs 85 away
goldenstatewarriors 106 phoenixsuns 87 home
miamiheat 83 bostonceltics 75 away
newyorkknicks 92 losangeleslakers 80 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 philadelphiaSSers 84 home
charlottehornets 92 washingtonwizards 88 away
brooklynnets 102 losangelesclippers 100 home
milwaukeebucks 82 torontoraptors 75 away
neworleanspelicans 115 atlantahawks 100 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 orlandomagic 97 home
dallasmavericks 100 minnesotatimberwolves 94 home
memphisgrizzlies 102 phoenixsuns 101 away
philadelphiaSSers 105 denvernuggets 98 home
detroitpistons 108 miamiheat 91 home
bostonceltics 108 newyorkknicks 97 away
portlandtrailblazers 103 utahjazz 102 home
goldenstatewarriors 121 sacramentokings 96 away
indianapacers 114 detroitpistons 109 home
atlantahawks 105 washingtonwizards 96 home
bostonceltics 104 denvernuggets 100 home
brooklynnets 109 torontoraptors 93 away
houstonrockets 101 chicagobulls 90 home
milwaukeebucks 113 losangeleslakers 105 home
minnesotatimberwolves 102 miamiheat 101 home
oklahomacitythunder 102 neworleanspelicans 91 away
sanantoniospurs 110 orlandomagic 103 home
memphisgrizzlies 100 utahjazz 90 away
goldenstatewarriors 128 dallasmavericks 114 home
charlottehornets 94 washingtonwizards 87 home
clevelandcavaliers 105 losangelesclippers 94 home
dallasmavericks 101 sacramentokings 78 away
portlandtrailblazers 108 phoenixsuns 87 home
brooklynnets 92 newyorkknicks 88 home
indianapacers 103 clevelandcavaliers 99 home
orlandomagic 103 losangeleslakers 97 home
atlantahawks 124 goldenstatewarriors 116 home
bostonceltics 107 philadelphiaSSers 96 home
detroitpistons 98 denvernuggets 88 home
torontoraptors 123 losangelesclippers 107 home
houstonrockets 117 milwaukeebucks 111 home
minnesotatimberwolves 90 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
neworleanspelicans 116 oklahomacitythunder 113 away
phoenixsuns 100 utahjazz 93 home
sanantoniospurs 98 miamiheat 85 home
chicagobulls 107 neworleanspelicans 72 away
washingtonwizards 114 brooklynnets 77 home
goldenstatewarriors 106 newyorkknicks 92 away
philadelphiaSSers 89 charlottehornets 81 home
dallasmavericks 111 portlandtrailblazers 101 home
milwaukeebucks 96 bostonceltics 93 home
utahjazz 102 sacramentokings 90 home
oklahomacitythunder 131 losangelesclippers 108 home
clevelandcavaliers 120 losangeleslakers 105 home
memphisgrizzlies 94 atlantahawks 88 home
indianapacers 103 charlottehornets 102 away
minnesotatimberwolves 112 detroitpistons 101 away
chicagobulls 98 orlandomagic 97 away
portlandtrailblazers 109 houstonrockets 98 away
torontoraptors 87 sanantoniospurs 82 home
sacramentokings 85 phoenixsuns 83 home
sanantoniospurs 95 indianapacers 93 away
goldenstatewarriors 89 philadelphiaSSers 84 away
washingtonwizards 96 orlandomagic 80 home
miamiheat 109 newyorkknicks 95 home
milwaukeebucks 103 brooklynnets 97 home
atlantahawks 117 minnesotatimberwolves 105 away
utahjazz 100 neworleanspelicans 96 away
losangelesclippers 115 dallasmavericks 98 away
oklahomacitythunder 124 denvernuggets 114 away
detroitpistons 106 charlottehornets 78 away
houstonrockets 127 phoenixsuns 118 away
chicagobulls 104 sacramentokings 86 home
memphisgrizzlies 95 brooklynnets 86 home
denvernuggets 106 losangeleslakers 96 away
orlandomagic 89 newyorkknicks 83 home
bostonceltics 89 atlantahawks 88 home
sanantoniospurs 104 detroitpistons 87 away
torontoraptors 95 washingtonwizards 93 home
milwaukeebucks 111 sacramentokings 103 home
goldenstatewarriors 94 minnesotatimberwolves 91 away
indianapacers 106 neworleanspelicans 93 away
oklahomacitythunder 105 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
clevelandcavaliers 113 miamiheat 93 home
dallasmavericks 87 utahjazz 82 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 losangeleslakers 86 home
losangelesclippers 110 houstonrockets 95 home
chicagobulls 113 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 dallasmavericks 89 home
losangelesclippers 119 sanantoniospurs 115 home
orlandomagic 95 neworleanspelicans 84 home
indianapacers 106 philadelphiaSSers 95 away
torontoraptors 105 atlantahawks 80 away
detroitpistons 100 chicagobulls 91 home
miamiheat 111 newyorkknicks 87 away
minnesotatimberwolves 111 phoenixsuns 109 home
clevelandcavaliers 127 washingtonwizards 89 away
dallasmavericks 111 houstonrockets 100 home
milwaukeebucks 89 denvernuggets 81 home
utahjazz 92 portlandtrailblazers 76 home
sacramentokings 109 bostonceltics 101 home
goldenstatewarriors 110 sanantoniospurs 99 home
brooklynnets 114 losangeleslakers 105 away
oklahomacitythunder 110 charlottehornets 103 away
neworleanspelicans 105 miamiheat 91 away
chicagobulls 112 phoenixsuns 107 home
houstonrockets 98 torontoraptors 76 home
losangelesclippers 126 sacramentokings 99 home
clevelandcavaliers 101 newyorkknicks 83 away
atlantahawks 97 milwaukeebucks 86 away
detroitpistons 106 washingtonwizards 89 home
indianapacers 104 goldenstatewarriors 98 home
orlandomagic 103 philadelphiaSSers 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 119 denvernuggets 94 home
dallasmavericks 92 charlottehornets 81 home
memphisgrizzlies 98 portlandtrailblazers 92 away
losangeleslakers 118 bostonceltics 111 home
miamiheat 119 philadelphiaSSers 108 home
chicagobulls 87 milwaukeebucks 71 home
houstonrockets 113 minnesotatimberwolves 102 home
neworleanspelicans 100 torontoraptors 97 home
brooklynnets 110 denvernuggets 82 away
bostonceltics 115 phoenixsuns 110 away
utahjazz 90 sanantoniospurs 81 home
memphisgrizzlies 90 losangelesclippers 87 away
goldenstatewarriors 114 washingtonwizards 107 away
clevelandcavaliers 102 detroitpistons 93 away
oklahomacitythunder 105 indianapacers 92 home
dallasmavericks 99 torontoraptors 92 home
houstonrockets 110 losangelesclippers 105 home
milwaukeebucks 104 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
minnesotatimberwolves 97 washingtonwizards 77 home
neworleanspelicans 102 brooklynnets 96 home
phoenixsuns 110 denvernuggets 96 away
losangeleslakers 100 utahjazz 97 away
sacramentokings 102 memphisgrizzlies 90 home
portlandtrailblazers 111 sanantoniospurs 95 home
miamiheat 93 orlandomagic 90 away
atlantahawks 104 dallasmavericks 87 home
bostonceltics 115 newyorkknicks 94 home
charlottehornets 98 chicagobulls 86 away
clevelandcavaliers 110 goldenstatewarriors 99 home
phoenixsuns 117 oklahomacitythunder 113 home
indianapacers 93 clevelandcavaliers 86 home
philadelphiaSSers 89 washingtonwizards 81 home
atlantahawks 95 orlandomagic 88 home
bostonceltics 106 charlottehornets 98 home
newyorkknicks 121 detroitpistons 115 away
goldenstatewarriors 113 torontoraptors 89 away
chicagobulls 96 minnesotatimberwolves 89 home
houstonrockets 102 brooklynnets 98 home
losangelesclippers 97 memphisgrizzlies 79 away
neworleanspelicans 104 miamiheat 102 home
utahjazz 104 denvernuggets 82 away
sanantoniospurs 107 sacramentokings 96 away
losangeleslakers 101 milwaukeebucks 93 home
portlandtrailblazers 115 oklahomacitythunder 112 home
washingtonwizards 99 detroitpistons 95 home
atlantahawks 93 miamiheat 91 away
newyorkknicks 103 torontoraptors 98 home
memphisgrizzlies 101 minnesotatimberwolves 97 away
brooklynnets 104 dallasmavericks 94 away
sanantoniospurs 101 phoenixsuns 74 away
utahjazz 82 milwaukeebucks 75 home
losangelesclippers 96 chicagobulls 86 away
oklahomacitythunder 108 losangeleslakers 101 away
portlandtrailblazers 110 sacramentokings 99 away
goldenstatewarriors 106 bostonceltics 101 away
indianapacers 94 philadelphiaSSers 74 home
charlottehornets 98 orlandomagic 83 away
houstonrockets 105 clevelandcavaliers 103 home
neworleanspelicans 99 denvernuggets 92 away
torontoraptors 114 philadelphiaSSers 103 away
brooklynnets 110 goldenstatewarriors 108 home
miamiheat 115 phoenixsuns 98 home
losangelesclippers 110 minnesotatimberwolves 105 away
dallasmavericks 102 neworleanspelicans 93 home
charlottehornets 104 losangeleslakers 103 home
clevelandcavaliers 110 bostonceltics 79 home
atlantahawks 104 houstonrockets 96 home
chicagobulls 97 washingtonwizards 92 home
utahjazz 93 memphisgrizzlies 82 away
denvernuggets 106 milwaukeebucks 95 home
sacramentokings 124 newyorkknicks 86 away
indianapacers 105 newyorkknicks 82 home
phoenixsuns 105 orlandomagic 100 away
bostonceltics 85 utahjazz 84 home
charlottehornets 115 brooklynnets 91 away
clevelandcavaliers 120 torontoraptors 112 away
memphisgrizzlies 102 houstonrockets 100 away
denvernuggets 100 minnesotatimberwolves 85 away
neworleanspelicans 88 detroitpistons 85 home
oklahomacitythunder 123 philadelphiaSSers 118 home
miamiheat 100 losangeleslakers 94 home
sanantoniospurs 112 sacramentokings 85 home
goldenstatewarriors 102 milwaukeebucks 93 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 losangelesclippers 93 away
chicagobulls 108 oklahomacitythunder 105 home
portlandtrailblazers 94 dallasmavericks 75 home
charlottehornets 103 torontoraptors 94 home
indianapacers 98 chicagobulls 84 home
orlandomagic 119 sacramentokings 114 home
utahjazz 89 philadelphiaSSers 83 away
atlantahawks 106 clevelandcavaliers 97 home
phoenixsuns 108 brooklynnets 100 away
houstonrockets 103 detroitpistons 93 home
memphisgrizzlies 97 losangeleslakers 90 home
bostonceltics 104 neworleanspelicans 98 away
washingtonwizards 99 miamiheat 97 home
sanantoniospurs 120 denvernuggets 111 home
goldenstatewarriors 104 dallasmavericks 89 home
neworleanspelicans 95 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
clevelandcavaliers 89 phoenixsuns 79 home
miamiheat 114 sacramentokings 109 home
indianapacers 92 newyorkknicks 86 away
philadelphiaSSers 92 atlantahawks 84 home
minnesotatimberwolves 121 portlandtrailblazers 113 home
milwaukeebucks 91 washingtonwizards 85 home
houstonrockets 114 denvernuggets 100 away
sanantoniospurs 116 chicagobulls 105 home
goldenstatewarriors 106 losangelesclippers 98 home
utahjazz 95 brooklynnets 88 away
charlottehornets 108 detroitpistons 101 away
orlandomagic 103 bostonceltics 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 108 torontoraptors 104 home
dallasmavericks 100 losangeleslakers 93 away
washingtonwizards 95 charlottehornets 69 away
atlantahawks 130 sacramentokings 105 home
bostonceltics 100 miamiheat 90 away
memphisgrizzlies 101 chicagobulls 91 away
neworleanspelicans 114 milwaukeebucks 103 away
denvernuggets 106 newyorkknicks 78 home
goldenstatewarriors 98 phoenixsuns 80 away
losangelesclippers 89 minnesotatimberwolves 76 home
indianapacers 118 orlandomagic 86 home
neworleanspelicans 111 brooklynnets 91 away
clevelandcavaliers 127 dallasmavericks 94 away
sanantoniospurs 117 torontoraptors 107 home
utahjazz 87 newyorkknicks 82 home
losangeleslakers 93 detroitpistons 85 home
sacramentokings 113 charlottehornets 106 away
chicagobulls 104 philadelphiaSSers 95 away
bostonceltics 95 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
miamiheat 104 brooklynnets 98 home
milwaukeebucks 97 orlandomagic 91 home
losangelesclippers 120 oklahomacitythunder 108 away
denvernuggets 115 atlantahawks 102 home
phoenixsuns 106 minnesotatimberwolves 97 home
goldenstatewarriors 105 detroitpistons 98 home
portlandtrailblazers 105 houstonrockets 100 home
indianapacers 109 milwaukeebucks 103 home
washingtonwizards 107 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
clevelandcavaliers 128 sanantoniospurs 125 away
utahjazz 109 houstonrockets 91 home
newyorkknicks 101 losangeleslakers 94 away
charlottehornets 101 chicagobulls 91 home
philadelphiaSSers 114 sacramentokings 107 home
bostonceltics 95 orlandomagic 88 home
torontoraptors 102 miamiheat 92 home
oklahomacitythunder 113 minnesotatimberwolves 99 home
dallasmavericks 129 losangelesclippers 99 home
denvernuggets 114 goldenstatewarriors 103 home
atlantahawks 96 phoenixsuns 87 away
portlandtrailblazers 118 detroitpistons 99 home
bostonceltics 93 indianapacers 89 away
washingtonwizards 113 sacramentokings 97 home
brooklynnets 94 philadelphiaSSers 87 away
memphisgrizzlies 96 milwaukeebucks 83 home
utahjazz 88 detroitpistons 85 home
goldenstatewarriors 125 newyorkknicks 94 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 chicagobulls 100 home
houstonrockets 100 losangelesclippers 98 away
denvernuggets 118 neworleanspelicans 111 away
clevelandcavaliers 123 orlandomagic 108 away
sanantoniospurs 123 minnesotatimberwolves 97 home
portlandtrailblazers 113 torontoraptors 97 away
phoenixsuns 102 newyorkknicks 89 home
atlantahawks 91 losangeleslakers 86 away
torontoraptors 117 indianapacers 98 away
washingtonwizards 105 portlandtrailblazers 97 home
bostonceltics 108 philadelphiaSSers 89 home
memphisgrizzlies 92 denvernuggets 81 home
brooklynnets 122 minnesotatimberwolves 106 away
miamiheat 106 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
dallasmavericks 119 oklahomacitythunder 115 home
utahjazz 94 charlottehornets 66 home
atlantahawks 110 sacramentokings 103 away
goldenstatewarriors 108 losangeleslakers 105 home
detroitpistons 105 memphisgrizzlies 95 home
newyorkknicks 104 sanantoniospurs 100 home
houstonrockets 107 orlandomagic 94 home
neworleanspelicans 85 milwaukeebucks 84 home
losangelesclippers 99 charlottehornets 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 117 brooklynnets 92 home
philadelphiaSSers 94 detroitpistons 83 home
miamiheat 108 portlandtrailblazers 104 home
torontoraptors 105 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
chicagobulls 103 indianapacers 86 home
sanantoniospurs 114 milwaukeebucks 103 away
oklahomacitythunder 122 bostonceltics 118 home
dallasmavericks 107 orlandomagic 102 home
losangelesclippers 116 sacramentokings 105 away
goldenstatewarriors 114 atlantahawks 95 home
washingtonwizards 88 utahjazz 84 away
minnesotatimberwolves 95 newyorkknicks 92 away
houstonrockets 118 denvernuggets 108 home
phoenixsuns 74 neworleanspelicans 72 home
utahjazz 80 losangeleslakers 73 away
orlandomagic 111 portlandtrailblazers 104 home
philadelphiaSSers 97 newyorkknicks 81 home
brooklynnets 129 milwaukeebucks 127 home
clevelandcavaliers 95 indianapacers 92 home
miamiheat 108 denvernuggets 91 home
chicagobulls 108 torontoraptors 92 home
oklahomacitythunder 123 atlantahawks 115 home
memphisgrizzlies 112 dallasmavericks 101 away
sanantoniospurs 101 bostonceltics 89 home
sacramentokings 101 charlottehornets 91 home
goldenstatewarriors 112 neworleanspelicans 96 home
losangelesclippers 113 washingtonwizards 99 home
brooklynnets 123 indianapacers 111 away
detroitpistons 107 chicagobulls 91 home
phoenixsuns 117 houstonrockets 102 away
memphisgrizzlies 97 portlandtrailblazers 86 home
goldenstatewarriors 106 utahjazz 91 home
clevelandcavaliers 108 milwaukeebucks 90 away
oklahomacitythunder 93 miamiheat 75 home
sanantoniospurs 114 atlantahawks 95 away
losangelesclippers 107 neworleanspelicans 100 home
torontoraptors 106 newyorkknicks 89 home
sacramentokings 109 washingtonwizards 86 home
detroitpistons 105 bostonceltics 97 away
denvernuggets 119 orlandomagic 100 away
charlottehornets 109 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
phoenixsuns 98 dallasmavericks 92 home
losangeleslakers 101 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
houstonrockets 110 indianapacers 100 away
bostonceltics 110 brooklynnets 91 away
memphisgrizzlies 103 newyorkknicks 82 away
chicagobulls 98 charlottehornets 86 home
minnesotatimberwolves 106 utahjazz 104 away
goldenstatewarriors 107 washingtonwizards 76 home
detroitpistons 108 torontoraptors 104 home
milwaukeebucks 89 miamiheat 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 127 losangeleslakers 117 home
dallasmavericks 101 sanantoniospurs 94 home
sacramentokings 107 philadelphiaSSers 106 home
goldenstatewarriors 122 portlandtrailblazers 108 away
brooklynnets 91 charlottehornets 88 away
losangelesclippers 111 newyorkknicks 80 away
atlantahawks 95 orlandomagic 83 away
indianapacers 103 washingtonwizards 101 away
miamiheat 93 bostonceltics 86 away
chicagobulls 116 torontoraptors 103 away
clevelandcavaliers 111 memphisgrizzlies 89 away
losangeleslakers 101 minnesotatimberwolves 99 away
houstonrockets 95 neworleanspelicans 93 away
philadelphiaSSers 99 denvernuggets 85 away
portlandtrailblazers 92 utahjazz 89 away
sanantoniospurs 130 oklahomacitythunder 91 home
sacramentokings 108 phoenixsuns 99 away
milwaukeebucks 111 indianapacers 107 home
detroitpistons 111 orlandomagic 97 away
losangelesclippers 119 philadelphiaSSers 98 away
washingtonwizards 110 charlottehornets 107 home
atlantahawks 99 miamiheat 86 home
brooklynnets 106 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
bostonceltics 96 newyorkknicks 92 away
torontoraptors 94 losangeleslakers 83 home
houstonrockets 120 minnesotatimberwolves 110 home
goldenstatewarriors 107 memphisgrizzlies 84 away
neworleanspelicans 102 sacramentokings 88 home
sanantoniospurs 94 dallasmavericks 76 home
denvernuggets 107 utahjazz 91 home
portlandtrailblazers 87 phoenixsuns 81 away
charlottehornets 115 atlantahawks 100 home
chicagobulls 111 newyorkknicks 80 home
goldenstatewarriors 108 milwaukeebucks 95 away
utahjazz 94 oklahomacitythunder 89 home
portlandtrailblazers 120 denvernuggets 114 home
clevelandcavaliers 87 philadelphiaSSers 86 home
brooklynnets 107 losangeleslakers 99 home
neworleanspelicans 110 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
losangelesclippers 119 bostonceltics 106 away
miamiheat 109 detroitpistons 102 home
houstonrockets 99 washingtonwizards 91 away
sanantoniospurs 103 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
indianapacers 104 dallasmavericks 99 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 phoenixsuns 97 away
losangeleslakers 113 philadelphiaSSers 111 away
atlantahawks 101 milwaukeebucks 88 home
torontoraptors 99 houstonrockets 96 home
memphisgrizzlies 97 sacramentokings 83 home
utahjazz 104 minnesotatimberwolves 84 away
portlandtrailblazers 109 phoenixsuns 86 home
bostonceltics 116 charlottehornets 104 away
brooklynnets 111 indianapacers 106 home
detroitpistons 105 atlantahawks 95 home
sanantoniospurs 95 miamiheat 81 away
goldenstatewarriors 110 losangelesclippers 106 away
charlottehornets 102 detroitpistons 78 home
sanantoniospurs 103 orlandomagic 91 away
washingtonwizards 106 philadelphiaSSers 93 home
bostonceltics 100 indianapacers 87 home
brooklynnets 100 newyorkknicks 98 away
houstonrockets 115 sacramentokings 111 home
milwaukeebucks 95 chicagobulls 91 home
torontoraptors 113 minnesotatimberwolves 99 away
dallasmavericks 135 oklahomacitythunder 131 away
utahjazz 98 denvernuggets 84 home
losangelesclippers 126 portlandtrailblazers 122 away
neworleanspelicans 113 losangeleslakers 92 away
clevelandcavaliers 114 miamiheat 88 home
houstonrockets 108 dallasmavericks 101 away
goldenstatewarriors 107 phoenixsuns 106 home
indianapacers 93 charlottehornets 74 home
washingtonwizards 101 newyorkknicks 87 home
milwaukeebucks 110 bostonceltics 101 away
brooklynnets 114 torontoraptors 109 home
chicagobulls 88 detroitpistons 82 home
memphisgrizzlies 100 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
orlandomagic 97 minnesotatimberwolves 84 away
sanantoniospurs 123 denvernuggets 93 home
neworleanspelicans 101 sacramentokings 95 away
portlandtrailblazers 107 losangeleslakers 77 away
charlottehornets 92 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
atlantahawks 131 brooklynnets 99 home
detroitpistons 99 miamiheat 98 home
bostonceltics 117 torontoraptors 116 away
washingtonwizards 92 memphisgrizzlies 83 away
goldenstatewarriors 123 dallasmavericks 110 away
orlandomagic 97 milwaukeebucks 90 away
losangelesclippers 107 denvernuggets 92 away
phoenixsuns 87 utahjazz 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 99 neworleanspelicans 90 home
houstonrockets 115 oklahomacitythunder 112 away
clevelandcavaliers 99 chicagobulls 94 home
indianapacers 112 miamiheat 89 home
sanantoniospurs 107 goldenstatewarriors 92 home
newyorkknicks 101 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
utahjazz 101 sacramentokings 95 away
losangelesclippers 106 losangeleslakers 78 home
brooklynnets 106 portlandtrailblazers 96 home
atlantahawks 96 phoenixsuns 69 home
miamiheat 105 charlottehornets 100 home
neworleanspelicans 103 goldenstatewarriors 100 home
sanantoniospurs 113 oklahomacitythunder 88 away
sacramentokings 116 minnesotatimberwolves 111 home
losangelesclippers 105 losangeleslakers 100 home
torontoraptors 92 charlottehornets 74 away
orlandomagic 105 chicagobulls 103 home
washingtonwizards 119 philadelphiaSSers 90 away
atlantahawks 114 brooklynnets 111 away
bostonceltics 113 detroitpistons 103 away
indianapacers 102 newyorkknicks 86 away
memphisgrizzlies 110 neworleanspelicans 74 home
clevelandcavaliers 104 milwaukeebucks 99 away
sanantoniospurs 110 houstonrockets 98 home
denvernuggets 119 losangeleslakers 101 home
utahjazz 103 sacramentokings 91 home
dallasmavericks 107 phoenixsuns 104 home
portlandtrailblazers 116 minnesotatimberwolves 91 home
chicagobulls 89 miamiheat 78 away
goldenstatewarriors 116 portlandtrailblazers 105 home
torontoraptors 101 orlandomagic 99 away
atlantahawks 104 charlottehornets 80 home
brooklynnets 117 washingtonwizards 80 home
bostonceltics 99 clevelandcavaliers 90 away
indianapacers 107 detroitpistons 103 away
milwaukeebucks 99 newyorkknicks 91 away
sanantoniospurs 104 houstonrockets 103 away
neworleanspelicans 90 phoenixsuns 75 home
oklahomacitythunder 116 sacramentokings 103 home
dallasmavericks 144 denvernuggets 143 away
memphisgrizzlies 89 utahjazz 88 away
losangeleslakers 106 minnesotatimberwolves 98 home
newyorkknicks 80 orlandomagic 79 away
torontoraptors 107 miamiheat 104 away
chicagobulls 114 philadelphiaSSers 107 home
losangelesclippers 94 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
utahjazz 111 portlandtrailblazers 105 away
goldenstatewarriors 110 minnesotatimberwolves 101 home
milwaukeebucks 96 brooklynnets 73 home
bostonceltics 117 clevelandcavaliers 78 home
detroitpistons 116 charlottehornets 77 home
denvernuggets 122 sacramentokings 111 home
indianapacers 116 oklahomacitythunder 104 home
washingtonwizards 108 atlantahawks 99 home
houstonrockets 121 neworleanspelicans 114 home
sanantoniospurs 107 phoenixsuns 91 home
dallasmavericks 120 losangeleslakers 106 away
houstonrockets 100 charlottehornets 90 away
clevelandcavaliers 109 detroitpistons 97 home
milwaukeebucks 107 philadelphiaSSers 97 away
newyorkknicks 112 atlantahawks 108 away
chicagobulls 113 brooklynnets 86 away
miamiheat 100 orlandomagic 93 home
neworleanspelicans 100 minnesotatimberwolves 88 away
oklahomacitythunder 101 portlandtrailblazers 90 home
utahjazz 109 dallasmavericks 92 home
sacramentokings 102 losangeleslakers 92 home
goldenstatewarriors 111 memphisgrizzlies 107 home
losangelesclippers 110 denvernuggets 103 home
bostonceltics 95 torontoraptors 93 home
indianapacers 99 washingtonwizards 95 home
losangelesclippers 112 phoenixsuns 101 away
chicagobulls 91 atlantahawks 85 home
dallasmavericks 114 portlandtrailblazers 98 home
houstonrockets 117 utahjazz 91 home
memphisgrizzlies 95 indianapacers 83 home
bostonceltics 105 milwaukeebucks 100 away
oklahomacitythunder 138 minnesotatimberwolves 113 away
neworleanspelicans 108 sanantoniospurs 103 home
brooklynnets 101 orlandomagic 88 home
clevelandcavaliers 113 washingtonwizards 108 home
detroitpistons 112 newyorkknicks 90 away
miamiheat 105 philadelphiaSSers 101 away
torontoraptors 92 charlottehornets 87 home
goldenstatewarriors 133 denvernuggets 126 home
sacramentokings 122 losangeleslakers 99 away
playoffs
chicagobulls 103 milwaukeebucks 91 home
washingtonwizards 93 torontoraptors 86 away
goldenstatewarriors 106 neworleanspelicans 99 home
houstonrockets 118 dallasmavericks 108 home
atlantahawks 99 brooklynnets 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 113 bostonceltics 100 home
losangelesclippers 107 sanantoniospurs 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 100 portlandtrailblazers 86 home
chicagobulls 91 milwaukeebucks 82 home
goldenstatewarriors 97 neworleanspelicans 87 home
clevelandcavaliers 99 bostonceltics 91 home
washingtonwizards 117 torontoraptors 106 away
houstonrockets 111 dallasmavericks 99 home
atlantahawks 96 brooklynnets 91 home
sanantoniospurs 111 losangelesclippers 107 away
memphisgrizzlies 97 portlandtrailblazers 82 home
clevelandcavaliers 103 bostonceltics 95 away
chicagobulls 113 milwaukeebucks 106 away
goldenstatewarriors 123 neworleanspelicans 119 away
washingtonwizards 106 torontoraptors 99 home
houstonrockets 130 dallasmavericks 128 away
sanantoniospurs 100 losangelesclippers 73 home
brooklynnets 91 atlantahawks 83 home
milwaukeebucks 92 chicagobulls 90 home
goldenstatewarriors 109 neworleanspelicans 98 away
memphisgrizzlies 115 portlandtrailblazers 109 away
clevelandcavaliers 101 bostonceltics 93 away
washingtonwizards 125 torontoraptors 94 home
dallasmavericks 121 houstonrockets 109 home
losangelesclippers 114 sanantoniospurs 105 away
brooklynnets 120 atlantahawks 115 home
milwaukeebucks 94 chicagobulls 88 away
portlandtrailblazers 99 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
houstonrockets 103 dallasmavericks 94 home
sanantoniospurs 111 losangelesclippers 107 away
atlantahawks 107 brooklynnets 97 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 portlandtrailblazers 93 home
chicagobulls 120 milwaukeebucks 66 away
losangelesclippers 102 sanantoniospurs 96 away
atlantahawks 111 brooklynnets 87 away
losangelesclippers 111 sanantoniospurs 109 home
goldenstatewarriors 101 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
washingtonwizards 104 atlantahawks 98 away
chicagobulls 99 clevelandcavaliers 92 away
losangelesclippers 117 houstonrockets 101 away
memphisgrizzlies 97 goldenstatewarriors 90 away
atlantahawks 106 washingtonwizards 90 home
clevelandcavaliers 106 chicagobulls 91 home
houstonrockets 115 losangelesclippers 109 home
chicagobulls 99 clevelandcavaliers 96 home
losangelesclippers 124 houstonrockets 99 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 goldenstatewarriors 89 home
washingtonwizards 103 atlantahawks 101 home
clevelandcavaliers 86 chicagobulls 84 away
losangelesclippers 128 houstonrockets 95 home
goldenstatewarriors 101 memphisgrizzlies 84 away
atlantahawks 106 washingtonwizards 101 away
clevelandcavaliers 106 chicagobulls 101 home
houstonrockets 124 losangelesclippers 103 home
goldenstatewarriors 98 memphisgrizzlies 78 home
atlantahawks 82 washingtonwizards 81 home
clevelandcavaliers 94 chicagobulls 73 away
houstonrockets 119 losangelesclippers 107 away
goldenstatewarriors 108 memphisgrizzlies 95 away
atlantahawks 94 washingtonwizards 91 away
houstonrockets 113 losangelesclippers 100 home
goldenstatewarriors 110 houstonrockets 106 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 atlantahawks 89 away
goldenstatewarriors 99 houstonrockets 98 home
clevelandcavaliers 94 atlantahawks 82 away
goldenstatewarriors 115 houstonrockets 80 away
clevelandcavaliers 114 atlantahawks 111 home
houstonrockets 128 goldenstatewarriors 115 home
clevelandcavaliers 118 atlantahawks 88 home
goldenstatewarriors 104 houstonrockets 90 home
goldenstatewarriors 108 clevelandcavaliers 100 home
clevelandcavaliers 95 goldenstatewarriors 93 away
clevelandcavaliers 96 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
goldenstatewarriors 103 clevelandcavaliers 82 away
goldenstatewarriors 104 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
goldenstatewarriors 105 clevelandcavaliers 97 away
yearEnd