charlottehornets 106 atlantahawks 82 away
sacramentokings 100 chicagobulls 81 away
dallasmavericks 97 milwaukeebucks 93 home
goldenstatewarriors 96 phoenixsuns 94 home
minnesotatimberwolves 106 houstonrockets 98 away
clevelandcavaliers 86 brooklynnets 82 away
philadelphiaSSers 101 newyorkknicks 72 away
orlandomagic 97 washingtonwizards 86 home
losangeleslakers 96 portlandtrailblazers 86 away
sanantoniospurs 98 indianapacers 85 home
detroitpistons 104 torontoraptors 95 away
utahjazz 107 losangelesclippers 94 home
memphisgrizzlies 94 oklahomacitythunder 88 home
bostonceltics 103 detroitpistons 83 home
washingtonwizards 95 charlottehornets 77 away
clevelandcavaliers 102 sacramentokings 100 home
utahjazz 97 losangeleslakers 92 away
miamiheat 105 orlandomagic 79 home
philadelphiaSSers 104 torontoraptors 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 112 denvernuggets 99 home
dallasmavericks 94 indianapacers 88 home
denvernuggets 101 goldenstatewarriors 97 home
houstonrockets 115 milwaukeebucks 93 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 losangelesclippers 91 away
newyorkknicks 94 atlantahawks 69 home
phoenixsuns 108 portlandtrailblazers 82 home
sanantoniospurs 103 minnesotatimberwolves 91 home
bostonceltics 93 torontoraptors 91 home
charlottehornets 83 miamiheat 79 home
brooklynnets 92 chicagobulls 82 away
sacramentokings 100 detroitpistons 93 away
philadelphiaSSers 87 orlandomagic 80 away
newyorkknicks 80 washingtonwizards 76 away
orlandomagic 107 atlantahawks 104 away
clevelandcavaliers 91 bostonceltics 89 home
utahjazz 112 dallasmavericks 106 away
phoenixsuns 102 denvernuggets 99 away
sanantoniospurs 117 goldenstatewarriors 105 away
indianapacers 94 chicagobulls 81 home
losangelesclippers 77 houstonrockets 74 home
philadelphiaSSers 84 miamiheat 82 away
milwaukeebucks 97 detroitpistons 88 home
minnesotatimberwolves 99 sacramentokings 91 home
charlottehornets 98 brooklynnets 87 away
portlandtrailblazers 97 oklahomacitythunder 90 away
torontoraptors 103 washingtonwizards 96 home
losangeleslakers 98 memphisgrizzlies 89 away
losangeleslakers 108 losangelesclippers 103 home
phoenixsuns 104 houstonrockets 99 home
dallasmavericks 108 denvernuggets 96 away
orlandomagic 110 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
sacramentokings 79 portlandtrailblazers 75 home
utahjazz 98 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 97 atlantahawks 87 home
washingtonwizards 88 chicagobulls 83 away
houstonrockets 84 losangeleslakers 74 home
newyorkknicks 103 milwaukeebucks 89 away
phoenixsuns 100 sanantoniospurs 81 home
portlandtrailblazers 97 atlantahawks 88 home
torontoraptors 105 bostonceltics 75 home
memphisgrizzlies 101 dallasmavericks 74 away
denvernuggets 109 minnesotatimberwolves 107 home
indianapacers 108 milwaukeebucks 97 home
utahjazz 93 losangelesclippers 87 away
miamiheat 87 oklahomacitythunder 81 home
clevelandcavaliers 99 newyorkknicks 97 away
charlottehornets 96 orlandomagic 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 103 detroitpistons 94 home
sacramentokings 115 goldenstatewarriors 84 home
sanantoniospurs 91 losangeleslakers 81 home
brooklynnets 102 washingtonwizards 86 away
oklahomacitythunder 102 charlottehornets 94 away
chicagobulls 95 orlandomagic 90 home
houstonrockets 85 memphisgrizzlies 78 home
philadelphiaSSers 84 minnesotatimberwolves 82 away
detroitpistons 108 brooklynnets 94 away
phoenixsuns 88 atlantahawks 79 home
portlandtrailblazers 107 denvernuggets 91 home
newyorkknicks 103 bostonceltics 101 away
dallasmavericks 79 sanantoniospurs 77 home
sacramentokings 114 goldenstatewarriors 107 away
losangelesclippers 115 atlantahawks 106 home
torontoraptors 115 clevelandcavaliers 88 home
miamiheat 87 utahjazz 80 away
indianapacers 86 washingtonwizards 74 away
torontoraptors 98 chicagobulls 75 away
clevelandcavaliers 86 washingtonwizards 73 home
indianapacers 94 detroitpistons 84 home
minnesotatimberwolves 103 milwaukeebucks 92 away
brooklynnets 126 oklahomacitythunder 91 home
newyorkknicks 81 charlottehornets 67 home
philadelphiaSSers 85 bostonceltics 83 home
phoenixsuns 84 miamiheat 82 home
portlandtrailblazers 111 houstonrockets 88 home
sanantoniospurs 91 memphisgrizzlies 78 home
denvernuggets 95 losangelesclippers 79 home
detroitpistons 101 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
orlandomagic 105 goldenstatewarriors 99 away
losangeleslakers 105 houstonrockets 99 home
sacramentokings 109 dallasmavericks 84 home
dallasmavericks 90 losangelesclippers 76 away
portlandtrailblazers 94 brooklynnets 82 away
atlantahawks 99 portlandtrailblazers 97 home
clevelandcavaliers 96 goldenstatewarriors 86 home
houstonrockets 110 chicagobulls 83 home
losangeleslakers 119 denvernuggets 103 home
miamiheat 89 charlottehornets 86 home
sacramentokings 96 orlandomagic 82 home
sanantoniospurs 86 utahjazz 79 home
oklahomacitythunder 96 newyorkknicks 75 home
bostonceltics 116 washingtonwizards 109 home
indianapacers 92 detroitpistons 88 away
losangelesclippers 78 newyorkknicks 74 home
milwaukeebucks 84 atlantahawks 74 home
minnesotatimberwolves 92 goldenstatewarriors 90 home
brooklynnets 93 miamiheat 91 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
phoenixsuns 99 dallasmavericks 78 home
denvernuggets 89 chicagobulls 85 home
houstonrockets 84 charlottehornets 80 home
losangeleslakers 112 sacramentokings 110 away
portlandtrailblazers 86 torontoraptors 80 away
utahjazz 99 orlandomagic 84 home
losangelesclippers 76 memphisgrizzlies 72 away
sanantoniospurs 99 washingtonwizards 95 away
bostonceltics 106 atlantahawks 99 home
detroitpistons 96 charlottehornets 89 away
goldenstatewarriors 92 indianapacers 90 away
milwaukeebucks 89 clevelandcavaliers 76 home
minnesotatimberwolves 99 sanantoniospurs 94 home
philadelphiaSSers 94 miamiheat 73 home
newyorkknicks 90 phoenixsuns 85 away
dallasmavericks 99 oklahomacitythunder 95 away
minnesotatimberwolves 94 atlantahawks 84 away
denvernuggets 87 losangeleslakers 86 home
houstonrockets 94 phoenixsuns 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 86 losangelesclippers 83 away
miamiheat 86 portlandtrailblazers 80 home
brooklynnets 97 indianapacers 92 home
torontoraptors 111 milwaukeebucks 102 home
utahjazz 109 chicagobulls 64 home
dallasmavericks 91 memphisgrizzlies 88 away
washingtonwizards 109 bostonceltics 89 home
charlottehornets 105 detroitpistons 96 away
losangeleslakers 104 chicagobulls 96 home
newyorkknicks 88 goldenstatewarriors 71 home
portlandtrailblazers 110 orlandomagic 102 away
philadelphiaSSers 114 bostonceltics 90 away
brooklynnets 86 losangelesclippers 85 away
charlottehornets 100 torontoraptors 64 away
dallasmavericks 107 utahjazz 98 away
denvernuggets 95 memphisgrizzlies 92 away
clevelandcavaliers 117 detroitpistons 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 116 dallasmavericks 110 away
goldenstatewarriors 89 chicagobulls 77 home
houstonrockets 101 indianapacers 89 away
newyorkknicks 85 orlandomagic 84 away
portlandtrailblazers 104 washingtonwizards 94 away
atlantahawks 78 newyorkknicks 74 home
bostonceltics 96 houstonrockets 81 home
charlottehornets 88 philadelphiaSSers 73 home
losangeleslakers 111 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
clevelandcavaliers 86 miamiheat 67 away
portlandtrailblazers 93 milwaukeebucks 84 away
minnesotatimberwolves 101 memphisgrizzlies 100 home
phoenixsuns 97 brooklynnets 85 home
sacramentokings 100 chicagobulls 71 home
sanantoniospurs 112 oklahomacitythunder 85 home
utahjazz 116 denvernuggets 78 home
torontoraptors 111 indianapacers 91 away
philadelphiaSSers 76 atlantahawks 67 away
bostonceltics 103 orlandomagic 98 home
clevelandcavaliers 85 miamiheat 80 home
denvernuggets 102 sanantoniospurs 92 home
detroitpistons 118 memphisgrizzlies 96 home
indianapacers 99 washingtonwizards 87 home
losangeleslakers 115 minnesotatimberwolves 108 home
charlottehornets 106 milwaukeebucks 90 away
phoenixsuns 80 goldenstatewarriors 74 home
oklahomacitythunder 98 losangelesclippers 81 home
utahjazz 97 brooklynnets 85 home
charlottehornets 109 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
dallasmavericks 108 denvernuggets 84 home
goldenstatewarriors 114 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
phoenixsuns 95 losangelesclippers 89 away
houstonrockets 91 miamiheat 80 away
torontoraptors 79 newyorkknicks 75 away
orlandomagic 114 atlantahawks 92 home
portlandtrailblazers 86 brooklynnets 84 home
sacramentokings 125 oklahomacitythunder 101 home
sanantoniospurs 96 philadelphiaSSers 76 home
washingtonwizards 107 milwaukeebucks 100 home
memphisgrizzlies 98 bostonceltics 87 away
utahjazz 94 detroitpistons 79 away
torontoraptors 101 chicagobulls 89 home
losangeleslakers 98 losangelesclippers 83 home
newyorkknicks 97 memphisgrizzlies 72 home
milwaukeebucks 104 orlandomagic 95 away
minnesotatimberwolves 96 chicagobulls 76 away
bostonceltics 87 clevelandcavaliers 72 away
dallasmavericks 107 torontoraptors 93 home
sacramentokings 88 houstonrockets 81 away
losangeleslakers 124 indianapacers 107 home
milwaukeebucks 102 miamiheat 101 away
utahjazz 98 brooklynnets 92 away
oklahomacitythunder 105 portlandtrailblazers 93 away
atlantahawks 102 washingtonwizards 75 away
losangelesclippers 106 goldenstatewarriors 83 home
denvernuggets 107 minnesotatimberwolves 100 away
miamiheat 84 newyorkknicks 81 away
utahjazz 88 orlandomagic 86 away
philadelphiaSSers 93 washingtonwizards 87 home
sanantoniospurs 82 sacramentokings 79 home
memphisgrizzlies 109 phoenixsuns 106 home
charlottehornets 103 torontoraptors 79 home
detroitpistons 97 brooklynnets 76 home
chicagobulls 91 atlantahawks 82 away
houstonrockets 109 denvernuggets 105 away
goldenstatewarriors 99 indianapacers 95 home
milwaukeebucks 108 bostonceltics 97 home
portlandtrailblazers 95 dallasmavericks 84 home
oklahomacitythunder 121 losangeleslakers 88 home
minnesotatimberwolves 102 bostonceltics 98 away
newyorkknicks 91 chicagobulls 86 away
detroitpistons 103 clevelandcavaliers 93 home
losangeleslakers 109 sanantoniospurs 100 home
utahjazz 94 miamiheat 92 away
orlandomagic 83 brooklynnets 80 home
philadelphiaSSers 95 charlottehornets 74 home
sacramentokings 105 phoenixsuns 98 home
torontoraptors 104 losangelesclippers 95 home
indianapacers 86 memphisgrizzlies 76 away
atlantahawks 101 milwaukeebucks 94 home
charlottehornets 94 utahjazz 89 home
philadelphiaSSers 112 clevelandcavaliers 78 away
denvernuggets 103 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
dallasmavericks 97 goldenstatewarriors 78 away
portlandtrailblazers 96 houstonrockets 85 away
orlandomagic 95 brooklynnets 74 away
newyorkknicks 100 minnesotatimberwolves 90 home
miamiheat 93 washingtonwizards 90 away
bostonceltics 96 losangelesclippers 87 home
detroitpistons 93 washingtonwizards 87 home
losangeleslakers 99 dallasmavericks 97 home
milwaukeebucks 92 indianapacers 80 home
phoenixsuns 84 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
oklahomacitythunder 118 goldenstatewarriors 102 home
sanantoniospurs 97 memphisgrizzlies 79 away
denvernuggets 105 philadelphiaSSers 98 home
newyorkknicks 106 losangelesclippers 78 home
miamiheat 100 atlantahawks 92 away
clevelandcavaliers 71 charlottehornets 66 home
houstonrockets 109 dallasmavericks 102 home
indianapacers 88 brooklynnets 64 home
losangeleslakers 96 philadelphiaSSers 85 home
minnesotatimberwolves 100 chicagobulls 90 home
orlandomagic 101 bostonceltics 98 home
sacramentokings 81 sanantoniospurs 75 home
utahjazz 98 torontoraptors 84 home
memphisgrizzlies 91 detroitpistons 83 home
charlottehornets 91 indianapacers 88 home
clevelandcavaliers 92 chicagobulls 88 away
dallasmavericks 94 newyorkknicks 85 home
goldenstatewarriors 125 losangeleslakers 122 home
miamiheat 95 denvernuggets 78 home
milwaukeebucks 109 brooklynnets 87 away
portlandtrailblazers 95 torontoraptors 88 home
detroitpistons 112 oklahomacitythunder 99 away
losangelesclippers 93 washingtonwizards 88 away
phoenixsuns 104 milwaukeebucks 96 away
minnesotatimberwolves 105 washingtonwizards 88 home
orlandomagic 103 denvernuggets 93 home
newyorkknicks 86 sanantoniospurs 83 away
utahjazz 98 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
indianapacers 104 bostonceltics 91 away
charlottehornets 92 losangelesclippers 87 home
dallasmavericks 105 chicagobulls 86 home
torontoraptors 108 goldenstatewarriors 92 away
oklahomacitythunder 103 losangeleslakers 95 away
miamiheat 80 atlantahawks 76 home
brooklynnets 86 phoenixsuns 84 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 portlandtrailblazers 94 away
sacramentokings 111 houstonrockets 98 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 atlantahawks 90 home
indianapacers 99 charlottehornets 96 home
milwaukeebucks 99 washingtonwizards 91 home
minnesotatimberwolves 85 losangelesclippers 73 home
newyorkknicks 96 denvernuggets 88 home
portlandtrailblazers 114 detroitpistons 83 home
sanantoniospurs 105 chicagobulls 81 home
houstonrockets 111 oklahomacitythunder 104 away
utahjazz 125 goldenstatewarriors 114 home
philadelphiaSSers 83 memphisgrizzlies 79 away
bostonceltics 104 denvernuggets 102 home
losangeleslakers 112 detroitpistons 88 home
dallasmavericks 99 brooklynnets 73 away
sacramentokings 101 miamiheat 97 home
phoenixsuns 95 torontoraptors 87 away
phoenixsuns 86 chicagobulls 80 away
losangelesclippers 92 orlandomagic 80 home
minnesotatimberwolves 96 philadelphiaSSers 91 away
sanantoniospurs 91 utahjazz 83 away
houstonrockets 82 memphisgrizzlies 75 away
atlantahawks 107 sacramentokings 99 home
clevelandcavaliers 92 dallasmavericks 87 home
miamiheat 96 denvernuggets 85 away
portlandtrailblazers 101 goldenstatewarriors 93 away
milwaukeebucks 109 losangeleslakers 105 away
brooklynnets 116 minnesotatimberwolves 94 home
oklahomacitythunder 97 orlandomagic 92 home
torontoraptors 104 indianapacers 90 home
chicagobulls 104 bostonceltics 86 away
charlottehornets 101 sacramentokings 90 home
detroitpistons 92 atlantahawks 69 home
indianapacers 97 dallasmavericks 92 home
miamiheat 94 losangelesclippers 88 away
phoenixsuns 103 sanantoniospurs 93 home
portlandtrailblazers 96 losangeleslakers 86 home
milwaukeebucks 111 utahjazz 102 away
oklahomacitythunder 94 memphisgrizzlies 93 away
philadelphiaSSers 102 washingtonwizards 82 away
houstonrockets 98 goldenstatewarriors 95 away
denvernuggets 102 sanantoniospurs 96 away
torontoraptors 70 newyorkknicks 68 home
sacramentokings 104 bostonceltics 81 away
atlantahawks 85 chicagobulls 74 away
minnesotatimberwolves 99 detroitpistons 90 away
clevelandcavaliers 103 indianapacers 95 away
losangeleslakers 98 memphisgrizzlies 76 home
milwaukeebucks 104 torontoraptors 97 home
utahjazz 89 newyorkknicks 58 away
dallasmavericks 112 philadelphiaSSers 94 away
losangelesclippers 98 phoenixsuns 88 away
portlandtrailblazers 106 orlandomagic 96 home
oklahomacitythunder 99 miamiheat 81 home
charlottehornets 103 washingtonwizards 89 away
brooklynnets 89 atlantahawks 83 away
charlottehornets 99 bostonceltics 87 home
philadelphiaSSers 99 chicagobulls 91 away
clevelandcavaliers 99 utahjazz 92 home
miamiheat 93 goldenstatewarriors 85 away
denvernuggets 102 houstonrockets 100 away
minnesotatimberwolves 113 indianapacers 110 home
sanantoniospurs 90 phoenixsuns 82 home
dallasmavericks 99 detroitpistons 90 away
washingtonwizards 103 losangelesclippers 94 away
sacramentokings 95 brooklynnets 79 away
newyorkknicks 100 milwaukeebucks 97 home
losangeleslakers 104 torontoraptors 101 away
orlandomagic 101 memphisgrizzlies 91 away
dallasmavericks 106 bostonceltics 98 away
atlantahawks 87 newyorkknicks 77 home
indianapacers 90 chicagobulls 85 away
goldenstatewarriors 120 minnesotatimberwolves 99 home
sanantoniospurs 86 houstonrockets 79 away
losangeleslakers 81 miamiheat 79 away
detroitpistons 89 phoenixsuns 84 away
sacramentokings 106 washingtonwizards 72 home
torontoraptors 103 utahjazz 95 home
bostonceltics 99 brooklynnets 86 home
charlottehornets 65 miamiheat 56 home
dallasmavericks 106 portlandtrailblazers 101 home
denvernuggets 108 detroitpistons 106 home
torontoraptors 99 indianapacers 98 away
losangelesclippers 103 minnesotatimberwolves 96 home
utahjazz 91 philadelphiaSSers 89 away
sanantoniospurs 94 clevelandcavaliers 77 home
oklahomacitythunder 89 sacramentokings 85 home
memphisgrizzlies 118 washingtonwizards 104 home
losangeleslakers 99 houstonrockets 94 away
milwaukeebucks 80 brooklynnets 78 home
bostonceltics 92 newyorkknicks 86 away
orlandomagic 99 chicagobulls 88 home
losangeleslakers 108 dallasmavericks 103 away
denvernuggets 116 portlandtrailblazers 96 home
utahjazz 109 indianapacers 101 away
miamiheat 103 clevelandcavaliers 95 home
charlottehornets 83 minnesotatimberwolves 74 away
newyorkknicks 91 philadelphiaSSers 71 away
sanantoniospurs 105 goldenstatewarriors 87 home
oklahomacitythunder 107 washingtonwizards 87 home
atlantahawks 78 torontoraptors 72 away
sacramentokings 95 memphisgrizzlies 93 away
atlantahawks 91 indianapacers 87 home
charlottehornets 88 sanantoniospurs 84 home
detroitpistons 106 chicagobulls 93 home
goldenstatewarriors 95 houstonrockets 87 away
losangelesclippers 92 memphisgrizzlies 90 home
milwaukeebucks 104 bostonceltics 99 home
utahjazz 98 minnesotatimberwolves 92 away
miamiheat 86 brooklynnets 80 away
orlandomagic 111 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
phoenixsuns 102 denvernuggets 93 home
portlandtrailblazers 87 washingtonwizards 70 home
sacramentokings 97 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
indianapacers 103 orlandomagic 93 home
portlandtrailblazers 109 losangeleslakers 104 away
charlottehornets 115 clevelandcavaliers 110 home
dallasmavericks 114 oklahomacitythunder 93 home
denvernuggets 109 losangelesclippers 108 home
detroitpistons 101 bostonceltics 96 home
milwaukeebucks 89 orlandomagic 77 home
minnesotatimberwolves 100 torontoraptors 97 home
atlantahawks 81 brooklynnets 76 away
sanantoniospurs 103 houstonrockets 95 home
philadelphiaSSers 97 utahjazz 91 away
phoenixsuns 97 memphisgrizzlies 95 away
philadelphiaSSers 118 goldenstatewarriors 110 away
oklahomacitythunder 107 houstonrockets 92 away
miamiheat 91 indianapacers 79 home
newyorkknicks 89 washingtonwizards 82 away
chicagobulls 105 sanantoniospurs 104 home
milwaukeebucks 107 clevelandcavaliers 89 away
dallasmavericks 105 losangelesclippers 96 home
torontoraptors 94 denvernuggets 93 away
minnesotatimberwolves 88 atlantahawks 81 home
bostonceltics 112 brooklynnets 111 away
orlandomagic 102 detroitpistons 96 home
losangeleslakers 115 phoenixsuns 78 away
sacramentokings 91 charlottehornets 87 home
portlandtrailblazers 103 utahjazz 102 away
clevelandcavaliers 97 atlantahawks 85 away
goldenstatewarriors 100 utahjazz 89 home
miamiheat 98 washingtonwizards 91 home
newyorkknicks 95 chicagobulls 68 home
portlandtrailblazers 104 memphisgrizzlies 81 home
orlandomagic 95 bostonceltics 90 away
houstonrockets 114 dallasmavericks 99 away
denvernuggets 120 milwaukeebucks 113 home
miamiheat 110 detroitpistons 102 away
sanantoniospurs 89 indianapacers 77 away
losangeleslakers 116 losangelesclippers 114 home
newyorkknicks 88 minnesotatimberwolves 79 away
phoenixsuns 109 torontoraptors 103 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 sacramentokings 104 away
oklahomacitythunder 104 charlottehornets 102 home
goldenstatewarriors 102 memphisgrizzlies 101 away
chicagobulls 86 brooklynnets 77 home
washingtonwizards 110 detroitpistons 96 home
minnesotatimberwolves 106 houstonrockets 96 home
portlandtrailblazers 89 charlottehornets 67 home
atlantahawks 92 bostonceltics 81 home
milwaukeebucks 104 chicagobulls 70 away
houstonrockets 100 clevelandcavaliers 95 away
losangelesclippers 110 torontoraptors 97 home
brooklynnets 120 orlandomagic 110 away
sacramentokings 121 phoenixsuns 117 home
sanantoniospurs 80 miamiheat 72 home
indianapacers 91 oklahomacitythunder 83 away
washingtonwizards 115 minnesotatimberwolves 108 home
newyorkknicks 100 bostonceltics 91 away
detroitpistons 107 dallasmavericks 104 away
denvernuggets 111 goldenstatewarriors 100 away
losangeleslakers 82 utahjazz 71 home
milwaukeebucks 88 clevelandcavaliers 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 98 atlantahawks 80 home
phoenixsuns 90 losangelesclippers 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 indianapacers 86 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 charlottehornets 89 home
chicagobulls 98 washingtonwizards 96 home
houstonrockets 107 detroitpistons 97 home
miamiheat 81 brooklynnets 78 home
minnesotatimberwolves 105 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
newyorkknicks 95 orlandomagic 92 home
denvernuggets 100 utahjazz 87 home
charlottehornets 86 losangelesclippers 73 away
philadelphiaSSers 121 oklahomacitythunder 89 home
phoenixsuns 108 memphisgrizzlies 76 home
portlandtrailblazers 119 milwaukeebucks 115 home
indianapacers 93 sacramentokings 91 away
dallasmavericks 115 torontoraptors 105 away
goldenstatewarriors 100 bostonceltics 88 away
atlantahawks 83 orlandomagic 82 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 clevelandcavaliers 103 away
utahjazz 99 houstonrockets 97 away
miamiheat 112 bostonceltics 86 home
brooklynnets 97 goldenstatewarriors 92 home
sanantoniospurs 108 detroitpistons 101 home
dallasmavericks 103 washingtonwizards 85 away
denvernuggets 94 charlottehornets 87 home
losangelesclippers 118 losangeleslakers 95 home
newyorkknicks 103 washingtonwizards 87 home
minnesotatimberwolves 108 phoenixsuns 88 away
torontoraptors 94 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 120 milwaukeebucks 117 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 bostonceltics 90 away
dallasmavericks 104 chicagobulls 91 away
clevelandcavaliers 92 brooklynnets 90 home
indianapacers 85 losangelesclippers 82 away
miamiheat 88 goldenstatewarriors 78 home
sacramentokings 100 minnesotatimberwolves 97 home
oklahomacitythunder 95 atlantahawks 86 away
charlottehornets 102 chicagobulls 95 home
milwaukeebucks 99 washingtonwizards 95 home
philadelphiaSSers 104 brooklynnets 87 away
sanantoniospurs 112 orlandomagic 95 away
houstonrockets 110 torontoraptors 91 away
utahjazz 103 indianapacers 99 home
denvernuggets 112 memphisgrizzlies 105 away
bostonceltics 88 miamiheat 76 home
torontoraptors 110 detroitpistons 85 away
losangelesclippers 92 denvernuggets 86 home
dallasmavericks 106 minnesotatimberwolves 86 away
portlandtrailblazers 93 philadelphiaSSers 75 away
sacramentokings 108 clevelandcavaliers 103 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 washingtonwizards 101 away
atlantahawks 107 goldenstatewarriors 96 home
portlandtrailblazers 83 charlottehornets 70 away
milwaukeebucks 102 dallasmavericks 94 home
orlandomagic 101 brooklynnets 87 away
houstonrockets 76 newyorkknicks 75 away
phoenixsuns 93 indianapacers 85 home
torontoraptors 93 bostonceltics 72 away
charlottehornets 86 chicagobulls 85 away
denvernuggets 106 sacramentokings 93 home
sanantoniospurs 111 detroitpistons 90 away
losangeleslakers 101 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
minnesotatimberwolves 95 losangelesclippers 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 115 memphisgrizzlies 102 home
philadelphiaSSers 86 washingtonwizards 82 away
atlantahawks 108 losangelesclippers 88 home
phoenixsuns 103 dallasmavericks 86 away
sacramentokings 84 houstonrockets 81 away
indianapacers 87 miamiheat 71 home
milwaukeebucks 115 brooklynnets 81 home
newyorkknicks 91 portlandtrailblazers 78 home
orlandomagic 111 goldenstatewarriors 94 home
philadelphiaSSers 100 sanantoniospurs 83 home
utahjazz 111 losangeleslakers 103 home
memphisgrizzlies 119 clevelandcavaliers 107 home
portlandtrailblazers 103 detroitpistons 96 away
miamiheat 90 chicagobulls 81 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 phoenixsuns 87 away
torontoraptors 107 charlottehornets 99 home
brooklynnets 84 atlantahawks 78 away
sacramentokings 116 dallasmavericks 105 away
denvernuggets 122 oklahomacitythunder 111 home
clevelandcavaliers 107 goldenstatewarriors 101 away
indianapacers 89 losangelesclippers 74 home
losangeleslakers 113 memphisgrizzlies 112 home
bostonceltics 107 minnesotatimberwolves 102 away
newyorkknicks 104 sanantoniospurs 82 home
orlandomagic 113 chicagobulls 104 home
philadelphiaSSers 84 charlottehornets 79 home
utahjazz 116 houstonrockets 104 home
milwaukeebucks 101 washingtonwizards 95 away
houstonrockets 114 torontoraptors 99 home
miamiheat 93 detroitpistons 85 home
milwaukeebucks 112 losangelesclippers 91 home
portlandtrailblazers 103 clevelandcavaliers 83 home
dallasmavericks 91 charlottehornets 90 away
denvernuggets 121 memphisgrizzlies 97 home
brooklynnets 108 washingtonwizards 89 home
philadelphiaSSers 99 chicagobulls 88 home
sacramentokings 111 bostonceltics 106 home
torontoraptors 98 sanantoniospurs 91 away
phoenixsuns 89 oklahomacitythunder 80 away
minnesotatimberwolves 89 utahjazz 81 away
detroitpistons 116 chicagobulls 110 away
dallasmavericks 115 orlandomagic 106 home
houstonrockets 112 goldenstatewarriors 104 away
indianapacers 84 atlantahawks 76 home
bostonceltics 82 losangelesclippers 79 away
portlandtrailblazers 85 miamiheat 74 home
milwaukeebucks 105 charlottehornets 98 away
denvernuggets 91 clevelandcavaliers 88 home
newyorkknicks 97 detroitpistons 91 away
losangeleslakers 114 houstonrockets 101 home
philadelphiaSSers 97 brooklynnets 86 home
goldenstatewarriors 103 phoenixsuns 95 away
minnesotatimberwolves 98 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
torontoraptors 101 washingtonwizards 79 home
miamiheat 97 memphisgrizzlies 86 away
dallasmavericks 97 denvernuggets 79 home
brooklynnets 123 chicagobulls 103 home
sacramentokings 111 portlandtrailblazers 101 away
orlandomagic 112 sanantoniospurs 109 away
milwaukeebucks 102 detroitpistons 98 away
goldenstatewarriors 94 bostonceltics 91 home
miamiheat 103 losangeleslakers 92 away
indianapacers 87 newyorkknicks 74 away
torontoraptors 110 philadelphiaSSers 106 away
oklahomacitythunder 109 sacramentokings 107 home
utahjazz 109 phoenixsuns 98 home
minnesotatimberwolves 96 memphisgrizzlies 94 away
washingtonwizards 94 atlantahawks 90 home
clevelandcavaliers 84 portlandtrailblazers 58 home
bostonceltics 83 atlantahawks 82 home
portlandtrailblazers 104 chicagobulls 100 away
philadelphiaSSers 114 dallasmavericks 98 away
denvernuggets 105 houstonrockets 100 home
milwaukeebucks 105 newyorkknicks 91 home
minnesotatimberwolves 82 phoenixsuns 73 home
orlandomagic 116 torontoraptors 111 home
sacramentokings 130 brooklynnets 104 home
sanantoniospurs 110 memphisgrizzlies 77 home
oklahomacitythunder 91 losangeleslakers 80 home
utahjazz 100 goldenstatewarriors 78 home
washingtonwizards 97 charlottehornets 95 home
charlottehornets 81 newyorkknicks 67 home
clevelandcavaliers 94 chicagobulls 86 home
phoenixsuns 106 detroitpistons 73 away
goldenstatewarriors 109 brooklynnets 87 home
philadelphiaSSers 85 houstonrockets 84 away
oklahomacitythunder 114 losangelesclippers 110 away
miamiheat 103 torontoraptors 83 home
dallasmavericks 120 memphisgrizzlies 83 home
portlandtrailblazers 92 indianapacers 82 away
minnesotatimberwolves 109 orlandomagic 100 home
sanantoniospurs 97 sacramentokings 91 away
utahjazz 98 denvernuggets 96 home
washingtonwizards 106 atlantahawks 99 away
bostonceltics 99 phoenixsuns 83 home
oklahomacitythunder 107 goldenstatewarriors 105 away
houstonrockets 106 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
losangeleslakers 113 brooklynnets 101 home
philadelphiaSSers 105 detroitpistons 89 home
houstonrockets 110 charlottehornets 97 away
torontoraptors 90 chicagobulls 80 away
atlantahawks 101 clevelandcavaliers 90 away
denvernuggets 102 dallasmavericks 100 home
sacramentokings 101 losangelesclippers 89 away
detroitpistons 108 milwaukeebucks 103 away
minnesotatimberwolves 93 portlandtrailblazers 80 home
miamiheat 81 orlandomagic 59 away
oklahomacitythunder 106 brooklynnets 97 home
sanantoniospurs 99 utahjazz 86 away
washingtonwizards 89 phoenixsuns 82 home
philadelphiaSSers 86 indianapacers 81 away
newyorkknicks 91 losangeleslakers 81 home
phoenixsuns 95 atlantahawks 82 away
bostonceltics 99 detroitpistons 87 home
utahjazz 97 denvernuggets 91 away
charlottehornets 93 goldenstatewarriors 85 away
sanantoniospurs 96 losangelesclippers 67 away
minnesotatimberwolves 99 milwaukeebucks 96 home
memphisgrizzlies 97 brooklynnets 86 home
washingtonwizards 95 clevelandcavaliers 89 home
losangeleslakers 102 clevelandcavaliers 96 away
miamiheat 103 houstonrockets 85 away
orlandomagic 93 indianapacers 86 home
portlandtrailblazers 92 chicagobulls 81 home
sacramentokings 105 goldenstatewarriors 79 home
utahjazz 102 oklahomacitythunder 88 away
torontoraptors 96 philadelphiaSSers 89 home
atlantahawks 102 torontoraptors 97 home
bostonceltics 102 indianapacers 96 away
milwaukeebucks 116 denvernuggets 111 home
minnesotatimberwolves 96 losangeleslakers 83 home
detroitpistons 112 brooklynnets 103 away
phoenixsuns 101 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
sanantoniospurs 92 losangelesclippers 70 home
orlandomagic 100 washingtonwizards 96 away
minnesotatimberwolves 90 clevelandcavaliers 81 away
dallasmavericks 95 miamiheat 91 home
losangelesclippers 101 houstonrockets 84 away
philadelphiaSSers 87 newyorkknicks 80 away
portlandtrailblazers 100 phoenixsuns 92 home
oklahomacitythunder 97 chicagobulls 91 home
utahjazz 87 charlottehornets 76 home
miamiheat 91 atlantahawks 80 away
bostonceltics 102 detroitpistons 95 away
indianapacers 103 denvernuggets 94 home
losangeleslakers 93 charlottehornets 87 home
newyorkknicks 95 brooklynnets 71 away
orlandomagic 123 philadelphiaSSers 117 away
sacramentokings 105 memphisgrizzlies 95 home
detroitpistons 88 clevelandcavaliers 81 away
dallasmavericks 101 goldenstatewarriors 95 home
losangelesclippers 90 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
milwaukeebucks 104 indianapacers 85 home
orlandomagic 96 atlantahawks 84 home
sanantoniospurs 90 houstonrockets 88 home
minnesotatimberwolves 108 torontoraptors 105 away
utahjazz 111 oklahomacitythunder 91 home
memphisgrizzlies 91 chicagobulls 84 home
denvernuggets 105 washingtonwizards 100 away
bostonceltics 103 clevelandcavaliers 82 home
losangeleslakers 100 sacramentokings 94 home
newyorkknicks 103 miamiheat 100 away
brooklynnets 96 philadelphiaSSers 89 home
phoenixsuns 85 charlottehornets 82 home
dallasmavericks 91 atlantahawks 81 away
houstonrockets 100 newyorkknicks 86 home
losangelesclippers 102 chicagobulls 82 home
philadelphiaSSers 99 denvernuggets 80 home
sanantoniospurs 109 goldenstatewarriors 85 home
oklahomacitythunder 95 memphisgrizzlies 82 home
torontoraptors 110 bostonceltics 98 home
orlandomagic 109 charlottehornets 83 away
detroitpistons 94 denvernuggets 83 home
miamiheat 102 indianapacers 89 home
milwaukeebucks 112 sacramentokings 109 home
brooklynnets 90 atlantahawks 84 home
phoenixsuns 97 chicagobulls 80 home
bostonceltics 94 milwaukeebucks 91 home
sanantoniospurs 107 clevelandcavaliers 89 away
goldenstatewarriors 89 losangelesclippers 88 home
losangeleslakers 85 phoenixsuns 83 home
minnesotatimberwolves 117 sacramentokings 88 home
newyorkknicks 96 dallasmavericks 93 home
orlandomagic 107 washingtonwizards 98 home
houstonrockets 112 philadelphiaSSers 87 away
portlandtrailblazers 97 oklahomacitythunder 80 home
utahjazz 92 memphisgrizzlies 82 away
charlottehornets 101 atlantahawks 84 home
houstonrockets 103 detroitpistons 90 away
brooklynnets 99 sanantoniospurs 97 home
torontoraptors 99 denvernuggets 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 bostonceltics 98 home
chicagobulls 96 atlantahawks 92 home
torontoraptors 120 clevelandcavaliers 105 away
denvernuggets 96 newyorkknicks 77 home
phoenixsuns 93 goldenstatewarriors 83 away
houstonrockets 99 washingtonwizards 89 home
charlottehornets 77 indianapacers 66 away
miamiheat 101 losangelesclippers 99 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 milwaukeebucks 104 away
losangeleslakers 113 brooklynnets 110 away
portlandtrailblazers 109 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
sanantoniospurs 104 dallasmavericks 92 home
sacramentokings 97 utahjazz 94 away
milwaukeebucks 102 atlantahawks 98 away
detroitpistons 105 brooklynnets 86 home
orlandomagic 114 losangelesclippers 101 home
philadelphiaSSers 112 losangeleslakers 97 home
phoenixsuns 104 minnesotatimberwolves 96 home
utahjazz 106 newyorkknicks 90 home
dallasmavericks 102 clevelandcavaliers 81 home
indianapacers 82 detroitpistons 73 home
portlandtrailblazers 105 sacramentokings 81 home
sanantoniospurs 102 washingtonwizards 78 home
bostonceltics 108 oklahomacitythunder 88 away
miamiheat 98 torontoraptors 91 away
memphisgrizzlies 99 goldenstatewarriors 89 home
losangeleslakers 99 charlottehornets 94 away
memphisgrizzlies 92 goldenstatewarriors 79 away
sanantoniospurs 91 minnesotatimberwolves 85 away
newyorkknicks 114 brooklynnets 104 home
orlandomagic 108 houstonrockets 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 108 losangelesclippers 93 home
sacramentokings 117 denvernuggets 84 home
chicagobulls 89 miamiheat 82 home
dallasmavericks 112 washingtonwizards 105 home
houstonrockets 92 clevelandcavaliers 80 home
charlottehornets 103 milwaukeebucks 93 away
bostonceltics 85 portlandtrailblazers 81 away
atlantahawks 101 oklahomacitythunder 94 away
washingtonwizards 101 denvernuggets 98 away
atlantahawks 98 goldenstatewarriors 91 away
indianapacers 110 losangeleslakers 109 home
memphisgrizzlies 110 minnesotatimberwolves 102 away
brooklynnets 102 losangelesclippers 96 home
orlandomagic 96 newyorkknicks 88 home
philadelphiaSSers 104 phoenixsuns 98 home
utahjazz 94 sacramentokings 90 away
sanantoniospurs 92 torontoraptors 74 away
clevelandcavaliers 85 chicagobulls 84 home
losangelesclippers 111 detroitpistons 106 away
milwaukeebucks 102 sanantoniospurs 98 home
utahjazz 114 bostonceltics 99 home
milwaukeebucks 101 chicagobulls 92 away
losangeleslakers 119 dallasmavericks 109 away
houstonrockets 101 bostonceltics 84 home
newyorkknicks 76 miamiheat 74 home
phoenixsuns 110 orlandomagic 104 away
portlandtrailblazers 104 denvernuggets 94 home
sacramentokings 94 atlantahawks 80 home
torontoraptors 113 goldenstatewarriors 102 home
memphisgrizzlies 116 washingtonwizards 104 away
losangelesclippers 100 clevelandcavaliers 94 away
detroitpistons 90 newyorkknicks 85 home
phoenixsuns 100 miamiheat 85 away
houstonrockets 89 minnesotatimberwolves 83 away
brooklynnets 113 torontoraptors 111 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 memphisgrizzlies 91 home
losangeleslakers 101 sanantoniospurs 99 away
oklahomacitythunder 127 denvernuggets 98 home
charlottehornets 93 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
losangelesclippers 93 chicagobulls 80 away
dallasmavericks 98 bostonceltics 91 home
utahjazz 90 portlandtrailblazers 84 away
sacramentokings 115 washingtonwizards 110 away
indianapacers 92 clevelandcavaliers 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 99 detroitpistons 78 away
houstonrockets 105 orlandomagic 95 home
losangeleslakers 113 atlantahawks 106 home
milwaukeebucks 93 memphisgrizzlies 81 home
minnesotatimberwolves 122 goldenstatewarriors 83 home
phoenixsuns 88 newyorkknicks 84 away
sanantoniospurs 100 bostonceltics 82 home
utahjazz 96 oklahomacitythunder 84 away
sacramentokings 119 torontoraptors 118 away
charlottehornets 86 philadelphiaSSers 85 home
chicagobulls 90 memphisgrizzlies 75 home
sanantoniospurs 107 dallasmavericks 104 away
denvernuggets 85 atlantahawks 82 home
losangelesclippers 123 portlandtrailblazers 120 home
miamiheat 75 brooklynnets 70 home
torontoraptors 106 washingtonwizards 99 away
clevelandcavaliers 101 detroitpistons 94 away
indianapacers 110 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
losangeleslakers 106 orlandomagic 100 home
milwaukeebucks 122 goldenstatewarriors 95 home
brooklynnets 101 washingtonwizards 91 home
newyorkknicks 88 sacramentokings 86 home
phoenixsuns 90 utahjazz 80 home
bostonceltics 85 oklahomacitythunder 82 home
charlottehornets 82 indianapacers 72 home
goldenstatewarriors 84 chicagobulls 78 away
orlandomagic 93 denvernuggets 86 away
portlandtrailblazers 95 houstonrockets 89 away
dallasmavericks 103 losangelesclippers 92 away
milwaukeebucks 98 philadelphiaSSers 91 away
utahjazz 99 atlantahawks 82 home
miamiheat 103 washingtonwizards 95 home
newyorkknicks 101 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
sacramentokings 106 losangelesclippers 93 home
portlandtrailblazers 95 sanantoniospurs 87 away
torontoraptors 101 clevelandcavaliers 89 home
dallasmavericks 116 memphisgrizzlies 112 away
torontoraptors 95 atlantahawks 88 away
charlottehornets 91 brooklynnets 88 home
houstonrockets 95 chicagobulls 78 away
denvernuggets 107 losangeleslakers 101 home
sacramentokings 122 goldenstatewarriors 101 away
indianapacers 99 milwaukeebucks 86 home
minnesotatimberwolves 111 detroitpistons 100 home
philadelphiaSSers 79 miamiheat 69 home
orlandomagic 97 phoenixsuns 91 away
utahjazz 101 memphisgrizzlies 83 home
oklahomacitythunder 101 clevelandcavaliers 99 away
houstonrockets 108 milwaukeebucks 91 away
newyorkknicks 95 bostonceltics 88 home
portlandtrailblazers 94 losangelesclippers 81 home
sanantoniospurs 91 phoenixsuns 71 home
charlottehornets 105 atlantahawks 99 away
bostonceltics 103 utahjazz 99 home
chicagobulls 81 newyorkknicks 72 home
minnesotatimberwolves 89 denvernuggets 71 away
miamiheat 97 detroitpistons 93 away
oklahomacitythunder 86 indianapacers 83 away
losangelesclippers 88 sacramentokings 81 home
orlandomagic 120 clevelandcavaliers 94 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 washingtonwizards 102 home
torontoraptors 107 brooklynnets 90 home
dallasmavericks 100 houstonrockets 95 home
milwaukeebucks 126 chicagobulls 122 home
phoenixsuns 97 denvernuggets 82 home
portlandtrailblazers 122 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
sanantoniospurs 124 atlantahawks 95 home
losangeleslakers 98 memphisgrizzlies 88 away
charlottehornets 116 bostonceltics 97 away
miamiheat 91 clevelandcavaliers 79 away
detroitpistons 93 orlandomagic 84 home
brooklynnets 120 indianapacers 96 away
losangeleslakers 110 goldenstatewarriors 95 home
minnesotatimberwolves 119 oklahomacitythunder 111 home
torontoraptors 98 newyorkknicks 88 home
utahjazz 118 washingtonwizards 98 away
utahjazz 109 atlantahawks 102 away
losangelesclippers 99 denvernuggets 86 home
miamiheat 87 detroitpistons 84 home
milwaukeebucks 107 brooklynnets 100 away
orlandomagic 95 dallasmavericks 81 home
sanantoniospurs 91 memphisgrizzlies 77 away
minnesotatimberwolves 95 charlottehornets 89 away
chicagobulls 87 clevelandcavaliers 74 home
phoenixsuns 93 denvernuggets 82 away
losangeleslakers 97 goldenstatewarriors 85 away
newyorkknicks 97 indianapacers 83 home
memphisgrizzlies 105 portlandtrailblazers 97 away
sacramentokings 98 torontoraptors 91 home
sanantoniospurs 101 oklahomacitythunder 73 away
houstonrockets 104 atlantahawks 98 away
milwaukeebucks 101 bostonceltics 94 away
washingtonwizards 88 clevelandcavaliers 83 away
newyorkknicks 79 indianapacers 75 away
losangeleslakers 97 torontoraptors 85 home
dallasmavericks 93 miamiheat 86 away
orlandomagic 112 detroitpistons 102 home
philadelphiaSSers 102 brooklynnets 94 home
sacramentokings 100 phoenixsuns 89 away
utahjazz 86 oklahomacitythunder 82 home
charlottehornets 97 orlandomagic 84 home
houstonrockets 99 losangelesclippers 87 home
sanantoniospurs 93 portlandtrailblazers 79 away
bostonceltics 104 washingtonwizards 72 home
dallasmavericks 102 goldenstatewarriors 73 home
detroitpistons 108 chicagobulls 75 home
indianapacers 99 clevelandcavaliers 84 home
sanantoniospurs 93 losangeleslakers 89 away
miamiheat 86 minnesotatimberwolves 79 home
brooklynnets 96 newyorkknicks 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 108 atlantahawks 103 home
sacramentokings 110 denvernuggets 104 home
torontoraptors 110 oklahomacitythunder 99 away
utahjazz 107 phoenixsuns 95 home
memphisgrizzlies 95 portlandtrailblazers 85 home
atlantahawks 93 chicagobulls 90 home
charlottehornets 100 milwaukeebucks 90 home
houstonrockets 86 goldenstatewarriors 81 home
orlandomagic 105 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
washingtonwizards 107 brooklynnets 101 home
philadelphiaSSers 97 bostonceltics 91 away
clevelandcavaliers 124 milwaukeebucks 110 home
dallasmavericks 111 losangelesclippers 93 home
detroitpistons 95 indianapacers 78 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 losangeleslakers 97 away
newyorkknicks 86 miamiheat 83 home
phoenixsuns 94 houstonrockets 92 home
sacramentokings 105 utahjazz 90 home
torontoraptors 101 memphisgrizzlies 84 away
charlottehornets 102 chicagobulls 94 home
denvernuggets 84 goldenstatewarriors 79 away
minnesotatimberwolves 94 miamiheat 77 home
sanantoniospurs 99 losangelesclippers 81 home
atlantahawks 109 memphisgrizzlies 99 home
dallasmavericks 122 brooklynnets 98 home
houstonrockets 127 indianapacers 118 home
losangeleslakers 112 bostonceltics 107 home
newyorkknicks 98 clevelandcavaliers 79 home
sacramentokings 114 orlandomagic 108 away
oklahomacitythunder 99 portlandtrailblazers 90 home
milwaukeebucks 101 torontoraptors 97 away
charlottehornets 100 memphisgrizzlies 95 home
philadelphiaSSers 85 chicagobulls 67 away
orlandomagic 97 clevelandcavaliers 87 away
denvernuggets 95 indianapacers 83 home
utahjazz 102 goldenstatewarriors 83 away
miamiheat 114 sacramentokings 104 home
phoenixsuns 84 portlandtrailblazers 79 away
sanantoniospurs 106 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
washingtonwizards 103 detroitpistons 96 home
dallasmavericks 103 minnesotatimberwolves 83 home
losangeleslakers 125 detroitpistons 119 away
houstonrockets 108 brooklynnets 106 home
oklahomacitythunder 108 milwaukeebucks 102 away
newyorkknicks 88 torontoraptors 72 home
bostonceltics 105 phoenixsuns 101 away
oklahomacitythunder 90 chicagobulls 80 away
clevelandcavaliers 114 charlottehornets 109 home
bostonceltics 87 denvernuggets 83 away
indianapacers 103 atlantahawks 97 home
losangelesclippers 94 goldenstatewarriors 76 home
orlandomagic 103 memphisgrizzlies 99 home
sacramentokings 100 philadelphiaSSers 79 away
portlandtrailblazers 90 utahjazz 87 home
sanantoniospurs 95 brooklynnets 86 home
losangeleslakers 101 washingtonwizards 89 away
detroitpistons 106 atlantahawks 90 away
charlottehornets 95 washingtonwizards 93 home
dallasmavericks 109 phoenixsuns 99 home
houstonrockets 103 sanantoniospurs 99 home
miamiheat 95 memphisgrizzlies 81 home
milwaukeebucks 87 philadelphiaSSers 78 home
newyorkknicks 101 chicagobulls 80 home
denvernuggets 98 brooklynnets 84 home
milwaukeebucks 100 detroitpistons 96 away
oklahomacitythunder 104 goldenstatewarriors 99 away
indianapacers 101 sacramentokings 95 home
utahjazz 111 losangelesclippers 96 away
minnesotatimberwolves 91 clevelandcavaliers 76 home
losangeleslakers 95 orlandomagic 90 away
atlantahawks 108 losangeleslakers 106 home
sanantoniospurs 98 portlandtrailblazers 85 home
oklahomacitythunder 93 philadelphiaSSers 89 home
orlandomagic 103 chicagobulls 95 away
newyorkknicks 110 clevelandcavaliers 75 away
portlandtrailblazers 96 dallasmavericks 88 away
losangelesclippers 88 philadelphiaSSers 77 home
brooklynnets 104 memphisgrizzlies 90 home
phoenixsuns 105 washingtonwizards 91 home
sacramentokings 125 houstonrockets 109 home
torontoraptors 102 indianapacers 81 home
utahjazz 84 detroitpistons 79 home
charlottehornets 111 torontoraptors 95 home
washingtonwizards 99 goldenstatewarriors 94 away
indianapacers 96 orlandomagic 95 home
miamiheat 109 chicagobulls 81 home
milwaukeebucks 107 losangeleslakers 100 home
minnesotatimberwolves 109 dallasmavericks 97 home
sanantoniospurs 97 bostonceltics 77 away
sanantoniospurs 115 atlantahawks 101 away
clevelandcavaliers 109 memphisgrizzlies 95 home
losangelesclippers 97 houstonrockets 92 home
bostonceltics 113 brooklynnets 98 away
sacramentokings 103 detroitpistons 98 home
phoenixsuns 91 oklahomacitythunder 88 away
portlandtrailblazers 101 utahjazz 99 away
chicagobulls 93 charlottehornets 90 home
indianapacers 95 memphisgrizzlies 75 home
losangeleslakers 104 washingtonwizards 91 home
milwaukeebucks 115 orlandomagic 103 home
minnesotatimberwolves 101 denvernuggets 90 home
brooklynnets 95 newyorkknicks 86 away
phoenixsuns 84 philadelphiaSSers 71 home
torontoraptors 112 atlantahawks 86 home
clevelandcavaliers 117 denvernuggets 105 home
dallasmavericks 103 charlottehornets 100 home
goldenstatewarriors 103 detroitpistons 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 93 houstonrockets 90 home
utahjazz 119 washingtonwizards 93 home
bostonceltics 102 chicagobulls 98 home
miamiheat 88 sanantoniospurs 83 home
milwaukeebucks 105 atlantahawks 98 home
minnesotatimberwolves 105 brooklynnets 91 home
orlandomagic 84 indianapacers 82 home
losangeleslakers 84 sacramentokings 72 away
torontoraptors 102 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
denvernuggets 109 chicagobulls 104 away
newyorkknicks 89 goldenstatewarriors 87 away
philadelphiaSSers 90 milwaukeebucks 78 home
phoenixsuns 104 losangeleslakers 83 home
portlandtrailblazers 104 losangelesclippers 96 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 clevelandcavaliers 86 home
dallasmavericks 98 utahjazz 90 away
bostonceltics 115 atlantahawks 112 away
houstonrockets 109 utahjazz 86 home
losangelesclippers 101 detroitpistons 94 home
torontoraptors 101 miamiheat 92 away
sacramentokings 124 newyorkknicks 117 home
sanantoniospurs 93 charlottehornets 79 home
indianapacers 110 washingtonwizards 102 away
sacramentokings 108 losangeleslakers 84 away
brooklynnets 99 denvernuggets 96 home
orlandomagic 96 philadelphiaSSers 95 away
phoenixsuns 103 clevelandcavaliers 94 home
dallasmavericks 94 portlandtrailblazers 84 away
oklahomacitythunder 94 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
atlantahawks 104 indianapacers 93 home
bostonceltics 106 chicagobulls 104 away
phoenixsuns 90 houstonrockets 85 away
milwaukeebucks 104 miamiheat 96 home
sanantoniospurs 106 utahjazz 88 home
memphisgrizzlies 89 newyorkknicks 68 home
washingtonwizards 116 goldenstatewarriors 100 home
indianapacers 92 bostonceltics 87 away
denvernuggets 103 charlottehornets 96 away
detroitpistons 100 orlandomagic 97 home
losangeleslakers 98 dallasmavericks 89 home
philadelphiaSSers 102 goldenstatewarriors 89 home
portlandtrailblazers 96 newyorkknicks 79 home
sacramentokings 110 minnesotatimberwolves 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 94 losangelesclippers 84 home
torontoraptors 110 brooklynnets 99 home
utahjazz 95 clevelandcavaliers 88 home
atlantahawks 99 denvernuggets 88 home
miamiheat 97 chicagobulls 90 away
losangelesclippers 104 clevelandcavaliers 97 home
milwaukeebucks 86 sanantoniospurs 77 away
houstonrockets 96 washingtonwizards 86 away
charlottehornets 80 bostonceltics 79 home
detroitpistons 104 goldenstatewarriors 87 home
newyorkknicks 79 losangeleslakers 78 away
brooklynnets 101 houstonrockets 98 home
philadelphiaSSers 104 indianapacers 93 home
phoenixsuns 106 milwaukeebucks 99 home
minnesotatimberwolves 99 portlandtrailblazers 95 away
dallasmavericks 119 sacramentokings 107 away
orlandomagic 104 torontoraptors 101 away
utahjazz 92 memphisgrizzlies 73 away
detroitpistons 110 chicagobulls 83 away
denvernuggets 94 portlandtrailblazers 92 home
dallasmavericks 109 houstonrockets 97 away
indianapacers 85 phoenixsuns 81 home
bostonceltics 82 miamiheat 77 away
charlottehornets 103 brooklynnets 88 away
newyorkknicks 94 orlandomagic 82 home
milwaukeebucks 107 sacramentokings 101 away
sanantoniospurs 107 oklahomacitythunder 89 home
torontoraptors 100 philadelphiaSSers 85 home
losangeleslakers 96 utahjazz 88 away
phoenixsuns 103 charlottehornets 94 away
torontoraptors 97 clevelandcavaliers 94 away
philadelphiaSSers 90 detroitpistons 84 away
milwaukeebucks 108 goldenstatewarriors 78 away
minnesotatimberwolves 83 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
orlandomagic 108 bostonceltics 101 home
memphisgrizzlies 86 losangelesclippers 78 home
miamiheat 86 washingtonwizards 84 away
losangeleslakers 100 chicagobulls 88 away
dallasmavericks 108 atlantahawks 94 home
sanantoniospurs 101 denvernuggets 80 away
houstonrockets 91 oklahomacitythunder 88 home
newyorkknicks 93 washingtonwizards 80 home
sacramentokings 92 utahjazz 86 away
losangeleslakers 100 bostonceltics 96 away
portlandtrailblazers 122 goldenstatewarriors 91 away
indianapacers 100 chicagobulls 93 home
losangelesclippers 113 milwaukeebucks 110 home
miamiheat 81 charlottehornets 76 home
minnesotatimberwolves 101 phoenixsuns 88 home
torontoraptors 108 orlandomagic 100 away
philadelphiaSSers 96 clevelandcavaliers 88 home
sacramentokings 118 memphisgrizzlies 90 away
detroitpistons 97 charlottehornets 92 away
phoenixsuns 102 clevelandcavaliers 98 away
utahjazz 116 dallasmavericks 103 away
denvernuggets 98 memphisgrizzlies 97 home
houstonrockets 110 atlantahawks 97 home
sanantoniospurs 93 losangelesclippers 83 away
bostonceltics 102 washingtonwizards 100 away
sanantoniospurs 84 goldenstatewarriors 76 away
miamiheat 81 newyorkknicks 76 home
losangeleslakers 104 minnesotatimberwolves 99 away
indianapacers 108 brooklynnets 83 away
sacramentokings 98 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 101 milwaukeebucks 88 home
torontoraptors 100 chicagobulls 88 home
detroitpistons 81 atlantahawks 69 home
indianapacers 100 washingtonwizards 78 home
newyorkknicks 113 charlottehornets 98 home
philadelphiaSSers 108 bostonceltics 95 home
utahjazz 96 houstonrockets 81 home
clevelandcavaliers 101 orlandomagic 78 home
denvernuggets 100 houstonrockets 99 away
losangeleslakers 106 phoenixsuns 80 home
miamiheat 83 philadelphiaSSers 81 home
milwaukeebucks 105 chicagobulls 84 home
portlandtrailblazers 116 goldenstatewarriors 88 home
sacramentokings 116 losangelesclippers 109 home
sanantoniospurs 91 dallasmavericks 79 home
minnesotatimberwolves 104 memphisgrizzlies 91 away
atlantahawks 107 clevelandcavaliers 102 home
miamiheat 102 bostonceltics 97 away
detroitpistons 99 torontoraptors 87 home
indianapacers 100 newyorkknicks 93 home
phoenixsuns 111 dallasmavericks 106 home
oklahomacitythunder 107 goldenstatewarriors 101 home
chicagobulls 113 washingtonwizards 109 away
charlottehornets 88 brooklynnets 78 home
losangeleslakers 119 minnesotatimberwolves 102 home
milwaukeebucks 115 utahjazz 93 home
orlandomagic 101 philadelphiaSSers 77 home
sacramentokings 107 sanantoniospurs 105 away
portlandtrailblazers 100 memphisgrizzlies 87 away
utahjazz 94 chicagobulls 83 away
dallasmavericks 101 sacramentokings 97 home
denvernuggets 108 goldenstatewarriors 92 home
indianapacers 113 bostonceltics 108 home
losangelesclippers 111 minnesotatimberwolves 105 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 brooklynnets 91 away
newyorkknicks 101 atlantahawks 65 home
phoenixsuns 109 oklahomacitythunder 100 home
houstonrockets 109 portlandtrailblazers 103 away
torontoraptors 94 miamiheat 82 home
washingtonwizards 113 orlandomagic 110 home
detroitpistons 129 atlantahawks 124 away
losangelesclippers 106 goldenstatewarriors 94 away
milwaukeebucks 112 torontoraptors 86 home
sanantoniospurs 111 denvernuggets 95 home
houstonrockets 100 memphisgrizzlies 95 away
bostonceltics 95 brooklynnets 88 home
indianapacers 93 chicagobulls 86 away
charlottehornets 99 detroitpistons 90 away
losangeleslakers 105 portlandtrailblazers 100 home
orlandomagic 90 miamiheat 73 away
minnesotatimberwolves 107 utahjazz 100 home
philadelphiaSSers 89 newyorkknicks 82 home
phoenixsuns 88 sacramentokings 86 home
dallasmavericks 107 oklahomacitythunder 99 away
clevelandcavaliers 106 washingtonwizards 98 away
charlottehornets 106 atlantahawks 83 home
clevelandcavaliers 80 newyorkknicks 78 home
dallasmavericks 110 goldenstatewarriors 101 away
losangelesclippers 100 phoenixsuns 80 home
milwaukeebucks 101 orlandomagic 89 away
sacramentokings 110 memphisgrizzlies 100 home
atlantahawks 122 washingtonwizards 119 home
houstonrockets 114 minnesotatimberwolves 87 home
philadelphiaSSers 111 indianapacers 105 away
losangeleslakers 108 denvernuggets 91 home
miamiheat 91 milwaukeebucks 89 home
chicagobulls 100 brooklynnets 94 away
sanantoniospurs 99 portlandtrailblazers 93 away
torontoraptors 94 detroitpistons 92 home
utahjazz 97 losangelesclippers 92 home
charlottehornets 97 bostonceltics 92 away
indianapacers 105 clevelandcavaliers 101 away
dallasmavericks 120 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
denvernuggets 110 sacramentokings 100 home
memphisgrizzlies 95 goldenstatewarriors 81 away
newyorkknicks 94 detroitpistons 88 home
miamiheat 103 orlandomagic 91 away
chicagobulls 92 philadelphiaSSers 86 away
phoenixsuns 98 utahjazz 93 home
oklahomacitythunder 105 sanantoniospurs 67 home
torontoraptors 98 washingtonwizards 92 away
charlottehornets 106 miamiheat 80 away
indianapacers 79 philadelphiaSSers 78 away
sanantoniospurs 87 minnesotatimberwolves 82 home
utahjazz 88 dallasmavericks 86 home
losangeleslakers 106 portlandtrailblazers 93 home
milwaukeebucks 103 orlandomagic 90 home
newyorkknicks 92 torontoraptors 85 home
phoenixsuns 86 sacramentokings 83 away
charlottehornets 102 miamiheat 76 away
sanantoniospurs 86 minnesotatimberwolves 69 home
philadelphiaSSers 116 indianapacers 98 home
utahjazz 109 dallasmavericks 98 home
milwaukeebucks 103 orlandomagic 96 home
sacramentokings 116 phoenixsuns 90 home
losangeleslakers 106 portlandtrailblazers 88 home
torontoraptors 94 newyorkknicks 74 away
charlottehornets 94 miamiheat 79 home
dallasmavericks 94 utahjazz 91 home
philadelphiaSSers 92 indianapacers 87 away
minnesotatimberwolves 93 sanantoniospurs 84 home
orlandomagic 121 milwaukeebucks 116 home
sacramentokings 104 phoenixsuns 96 away
losangeleslakers 99 portlandtrailblazers 86 away
newyorkknicks 97 torontoraptors 89 away
sanantoniospurs 97 minnesotatimberwolves 84 away
dallasmavericks 107 utahjazz 77 home
milwaukeebucks 112 orlandomagic 104 away
philadelphiaSSers 88 indianapacers 85 away
sacramentokings 89 phoenixsuns 82 away
torontoraptors 100 newyorkknicks 93 home
dallasmavericks 84 utahjazz 83 away
torontoraptors 93 newyorkknicks 89 away
sanantoniospurs 94 dallasmavericks 78 home
losangeleslakers 108 sacramentokings 105 home
milwaukeebucks 104 charlottehornets 92 home
torontoraptors 96 philadelphiaSSers 93 away
sanantoniospurs 100 dallasmavericks 86 home
losangeleslakers 96 sacramentokings 90 home
milwaukeebucks 91 charlottehornets 90 home
sanantoniospurs 104 dallasmavericks 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 97 torontoraptors 92 home
charlottehornets 102 milwaukeebucks 92 home
losangeleslakers 103 sacramentokings 81 away
torontoraptors 102 philadelphiaSSers 78 home
dallasmavericks 112 sanantoniospurs 108 home
charlottehornets 85 milwaukeebucks 78 home
losangeleslakers 119 sacramentokings 113 away
philadelphiaSSers 84 torontoraptors 79 away
sanantoniospurs 105 dallasmavericks 87 home
charlottehornets 94 milwaukeebucks 86 away
philadelphiaSSers 121 torontoraptors 88 home
milwaukeebucks 104 charlottehornets 97 away
torontoraptors 101 philadelphiaSSers 89 home
losangeleslakers 104 sanantoniospurs 90 away
milwaukeebucks 104 charlottehornets 95 home
philadelphiaSSers 88 torontoraptors 87 home
losangeleslakers 88 sanantoniospurs 81 away
philadelphiaSSers 93 milwaukeebucks 85 home
milwaukeebucks 92 philadelphiaSSers 78 away
losangeleslakers 111 sanantoniospurs 72 home
milwaukeebucks 80 philadelphiaSSers 74 home
losangeleslakers 111 sanantoniospurs 82 home
philadelphiaSSers 89 milwaukeebucks 83 away
philadelphiaSSers 89 milwaukeebucks 88 home
milwaukeebucks 110 philadelphiaSSers 100 home
philadelphiaSSers 108 milwaukeebucks 91 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 losangeleslakers 101 away
losangeleslakers 98 philadelphiaSSers 89 home
losangeleslakers 96 philadelphiaSSers 91 away
losangeleslakers 100 philadelphiaSSers 86 away
losangeleslakers 108 philadelphiaSSers 96 away
