bostonceltics 108 clevelandcavaliers 89 away
dallasmavericks 94 detroitpistons 87 home
houstonrockets 89 atlantahawks 84 home
losangeleslakers 98 portlandtrailblazers 87 home
minnesotatimberwolves 83 philadelphiaSSers 74 home
brooklynnets 103 indianapacers 97 home
newyorkknicks 93 washingtonwizards 91 home
orlandomagic 114 torontoraptors 85 home
denvernuggets 99 phoenixsuns 96 away
sacramentokings 101 oklahomacitythunder 95 home
sanantoniospurs 109 losangelesclippers 98 home
milwaukeebucks 119 utahjazz 112 away
brooklynnets 95 bostonceltics 92 away
charlottehornets 100 clevelandcavaliers 94 home
indianapacers 98 chicagobulls 73 away
miamiheat 97 torontoraptors 92 home
portlandtrailblazers 92 goldenstatewarriors 87 home
washingtonwizards 98 atlantahawks 88 away
milwaukeebucks 102 denvernuggets 101 away
phoenixsuns 107 goldenstatewarriors 101 away
houstonrockets 98 losangelesclippers 92 home
detroitpistons 90 memphisgrizzlies 80 away
dallasmavericks 99 philadelphiaSSers 92 away
oklahomacitythunder 114 sanantoniospurs 108 home
losangeleslakers 105 utahjazz 101 away
bostonceltics 96 chicagobulls 82 home
charlottehornets 97 newyorkknicks 93 home
detroitpistons 102 brooklynnets 88 home
indianapacers 117 orlandomagic 107 home
losangeleslakers 117 phoenixsuns 94 home
clevelandcavaliers 90 miamiheat 83 away
minnesotatimberwolves 111 memphisgrizzlies 102 home
torontoraptors 109 dallasmavericks 92 home
atlantahawks 90 miamiheat 83 home
chicagobulls 84 newyorkknicks 79 home
orlandomagic 99 clevelandcavaliers 69 away
sacramentokings 106 denvernuggets 94 away
minnesotatimberwolves 90 houstonrockets 88 away
goldenstatewarriors 110 losangelesclippers 108 away
milwaukeebucks 105 bostonceltics 99 home
brooklynnets 95 charlottehornets 85 home
sanantoniospurs 106 portlandtrailblazers 90 away
utahjazz 91 oklahomacitythunder 74 away
washingtonwizards 90 philadelphiaSSers 76 home
detroitpistons 100 washingtonwizards 78 home
goldenstatewarriors 96 portlandtrailblazers 86 home
losangeleslakers 100 utahjazz 96 home
dallasmavericks 94 memphisgrizzlies 85 away
houstonrockets 103 phoenixsuns 100 away
sacramentokings 103 sanantoniospurs 83 home
torontoraptors 113 indianapacers 100 home
losangelesclippers 109 atlantahawks 86 home
oklahomacitythunder 123 orlandomagic 119 away
sacramentokings 115 clevelandcavaliers 99 away
dallasmavericks 110 charlottehornets 92 home
houstonrockets 99 denvernuggets 93 home
miamiheat 87 oklahomacitythunder 85 home
minnesotatimberwolves 104 newyorkknicks 94 home
indianapacers 87 philadelphiaSSers 77 away
phoenixsuns 113 memphisgrizzlies 101 home
portlandtrailblazers 101 utahjazz 83 home
sanantoniospurs 104 orlandomagic 89 home
bostonceltics 104 washingtonwizards 95 home
detroitpistons 97 chicagobulls 73 away
indianapacers 116 sacramentokings 104 home
losangelesclippers 108 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
newyorkknicks 82 clevelandcavaliers 64 home
torontoraptors 109 goldenstatewarriors 92 home
utahjazz 96 atlantahawks 89 home
sanantoniospurs 105 charlottehornets 95 away
dallasmavericks 105 denvernuggets 91 home
houstonrockets 77 philadelphiaSSers 72 home
milwaukeebucks 86 miamiheat 82 home
minnesotatimberwolves 127 chicagobulls 74 home
brooklynnets 106 oklahomacitythunder 94 home
phoenixsuns 108 atlantahawks 80 home
portlandtrailblazers 119 losangelesclippers 101 home
bostonceltics 104 oklahomacitythunder 94 home
denvernuggets 108 houstonrockets 81 home
indianapacers 103 newyorkknicks 95 home
losangeleslakers 110 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
orlandomagic 115 sacramentokings 105 home
goldenstatewarriors 109 washingtonwizards 100 away
charlottehornets 89 chicagobulls 85 away
philadelphiaSSers 98 dallasmavericks 91 away
indianapacers 105 portlandtrailblazers 96 home
losangelesclippers 111 phoenixsuns 102 home
sacramentokings 90 miamiheat 75 away
minnesotatimberwolves 98 milwaukeebucks 82 away
brooklynnets 87 clevelandcavaliers 84 home
goldenstatewarriors 90 newyorkknicks 71 away
sanantoniospurs 110 atlantahawks 88 home
torontoraptors 117 utahjazz 96 away
denvernuggets 96 torontoraptors 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 detroitpistons 98 away
losangeleslakers 108 orlandomagic 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 99 washingtonwizards 84 away
goldenstatewarriors 86 memphisgrizzlies 79 away
utahjazz 105 orlandomagic 98 home
denvernuggets 101 chicagobulls 93 home
brooklynnets 91 indianapacers 82 away
philadelphiaSSers 82 miamiheat 76 away
clevelandcavaliers 107 minnesotatimberwolves 103 away
newyorkknicks 89 portlandtrailblazers 82 home
sacramentokings 95 torontoraptors 86 home
sanantoniospurs 90 houstonrockets 86 home
phoenixsuns 92 oklahomacitythunder 91 away
atlantahawks 111 utahjazz 79 home
bostonceltics 101 indianapacers 93 home
dallasmavericks 107 clevelandcavaliers 94 away
torontoraptors 89 goldenstatewarriors 82 away
losangelesclippers 106 chicagobulls 102 home
philadelphiaSSers 100 charlottehornets 86 home
orlandomagic 93 phoenixsuns 92 away
milwaukeebucks 107 washingtonwizards 98 away
orlandomagic 101 denvernuggets 82 away
detroitpistons 115 dallasmavericks 89 home
losangeleslakers 98 houstonrockets 97 away
portlandtrailblazers 101 memphisgrizzlies 85 away
newyorkknicks 83 miamiheat 74 home
minnesotatimberwolves 120 indianapacers 113 away
torontoraptors 94 losangelesclippers 85 away
charlottehornets 96 miamiheat 87 away
brooklynnets 109 newyorkknicks 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 98 atlantahawks 78 home
phoenixsuns 95 losangeleslakers 83 home
sacramentokings 105 chicagobulls 71 home
sanantoniospurs 105 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 100 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
utahjazz 101 washingtonwizards 92 away
atlantahawks 112 bostonceltics 103 home
portlandtrailblazers 97 charlottehornets 87 away
detroitpistons 104 indianapacers 98 home
goldenstatewarriors 93 chicagobulls 88 home
houstonrockets 124 dallasmavericks 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 98 clevelandcavaliers 93 home
milwaukeebucks 104 utahjazz 93 home
minnesotatimberwolves 103 orlandomagic 95 home
philadelphiaSSers 94 brooklynnets 82 away
denvernuggets 103 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
losangelesclippers 99 newyorkknicks 86 home
losangeleslakers 93 sacramentokings 85 home
torontoraptors 87 phoenixsuns 81 away
denvernuggets 99 brooklynnets 96 home
sacramentokings 113 houstonrockets 77 home
oklahomacitythunder 105 dallasmavericks 97 away
newyorkknicks 94 goldenstatewarriors 70 away
indianapacers 106 atlantahawks 102 home
losangeleslakers 98 losangelesclippers 93 home
minnesotatimberwolves 80 miamiheat 73 away
houstonrockets 94 portlandtrailblazers 87 away
detroitpistons 88 torontoraptors 84 away
charlottehornets 95 washingtonwizards 88 away
atlantahawks 92 bostonceltics 85 away
dallasmavericks 89 charlottehornets 78 away
clevelandcavaliers 101 memphisgrizzlies 94 home
losangeleslakers 89 denvernuggets 68 away
milwaukeebucks 96 chicagobulls 92 home
orlandomagic 117 minnesotatimberwolves 106 home
philadelphiaSSers 94 detroitpistons 89 home
phoenixsuns 96 newyorkknicks 72 home
sacramentokings 95 portlandtrailblazers 83 home
sanantoniospurs 110 oklahomacitythunder 93 home
brooklynnets 90 utahjazz 89 away
indianapacers 110 washingtonwizards 103 home
brooklynnets 95 losangelesclippers 90 away
milwaukeebucks 78 torontoraptors 75 away
atlantahawks 106 detroitpistons 99 home
torontoraptors 91 bostonceltics 89 away
orlandomagic 109 charlottehornets 99 away
sanantoniospurs 97 indianapacers 79 away
losangeleslakers 106 goldenstatewarriors 90 home
phoenixsuns 103 memphisgrizzlies 89 away
dallasmavericks 104 miamiheat 94 away
philadelphiaSSers 79 clevelandcavaliers 68 home
portlandtrailblazers 97 denvernuggets 90 home
oklahomacitythunder 99 houstonrockets 81 home
utahjazz 106 losangelesclippers 101 home
clevelandcavaliers 100 miamiheat 96 home
dallasmavericks 119 phoenixsuns 104 home
detroitpistons 91 memphisgrizzlies 84 home
milwaukeebucks 95 atlantahawks 88 home
minnesotatimberwolves 99 sanantoniospurs 94 home
newyorkknicks 78 chicagobulls 71 home
charlottehornets 103 orlandomagic 101 away
sacramentokings 98 brooklynnets 97 home
washingtonwizards 88 bostonceltics 84 home
goldenstatewarriors 101 brooklynnets 85 home
losangelesclippers 90 houstonrockets 83 home
losangeleslakers 105 denvernuggets 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 99 indianapacers 88 home
torontoraptors 107 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
memphisgrizzlies 98 sacramentokings 94 home
newyorkknicks 88 atlantahawks 83 home
detroitpistons 105 orlandomagic 100 away
phoenixsuns 111 utahjazz 104 away
clevelandcavaliers 94 washingtonwizards 75 home
dallasmavericks 116 goldenstatewarriors 106 home
sacramentokings 89 houstonrockets 84 away
losangeleslakers 104 milwaukeebucks 85 home
bostonceltics 84 miamiheat 83 away
brooklynnets 100 chicagobulls 68 home
portlandtrailblazers 96 indianapacers 90 home
oklahomacitythunder 112 minnesotatimberwolves 102 home
newyorkknicks 105 atlantahawks 100 away
indianapacers 99 denvernuggets 85 away
charlottehornets 104 detroitpistons 96 away
losangelesclippers 94 minnesotatimberwolves 75 home
washingtonwizards 94 philadelphiaSSers 87 away
phoenixsuns 104 milwaukeebucks 84 home
sanantoniospurs 94 goldenstatewarriors 83 home
utahjazz 112 oklahomacitythunder 88 home
chicagobulls 78 miamiheat 72 home
atlantahawks 105 clevelandcavaliers 96 away
sacramentokings 110 dallasmavericks 98 away
bostonceltics 99 orlandomagic 89 away
torontoraptors 91 memphisgrizzlies 88 home
detroitpistons 110 charlottehornets 105 away
denvernuggets 96 losangelesclippers 93 home
memphisgrizzlies 102 houstonrockets 85 home
washingtonwizards 84 miamiheat 75 away
phoenixsuns 98 utahjazz 76 home
portlandtrailblazers 101 milwaukeebucks 95 home
sacramentokings 109 sanantoniospurs 106 away
losangeleslakers 107 oklahomacitythunder 92 away
sanantoniospurs 85 houstonrockets 75 away
losangeleslakers 102 minnesotatimberwolves 76 home
bostonceltics 105 brooklynnets 98 away
detroitpistons 100 newyorkknicks 97 away
phoenixsuns 97 portlandtrailblazers 83 away
indianapacers 100 utahjazz 97 away
orlandomagic 96 washingtonwizards 87 away
torontoraptors 104 atlantahawks 103 away
philadelphiaSSers 93 chicagobulls 76 away
clevelandcavaliers 93 charlottehornets 81 home
dallasmavericks 111 goldenstatewarriors 82 away
losangelesclippers 103 indianapacers 72 home
memphisgrizzlies 93 philadelphiaSSers 87 away
dallasmavericks 120 sacramentokings 114 away
oklahomacitythunder 97 milwaukeebucks 83 home
bostonceltics 85 torontoraptors 69 away
newyorkknicks 89 houstonrockets 86 home
orlandomagic 113 memphisgrizzlies 71 home
phoenixsuns 110 goldenstatewarriors 93 home
chicagobulls 103 houstonrockets 75 home
clevelandcavaliers 100 detroitpistons 88 home
indianapacers 104 denvernuggets 96 home
losangelesclippers 87 miamiheat 83 home
newyorkknicks 85 milwaukeebucks 71 away
minnesotatimberwolves 108 oklahomacitythunder 83 home
sacramentokings 94 philadelphiaSSers 84 home
sanantoniospurs 103 washingtonwizards 88 home
utahjazz 104 charlottehornets 100 home
sanantoniospurs 120 atlantahawks 112 away
bostonceltics 95 denvernuggets 80 home
detroitpistons 95 oklahomacitythunder 91 home
goldenstatewarriors 93 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
losangeleslakers 98 dallasmavericks 94 home
brooklynnets 106 phoenixsuns 87 home
orlandomagic 102 chicagobulls 74 home
washingtonwizards 85 houstonrockets 82 away
minnesotatimberwolves 105 memphisgrizzlies 80 away
milwaukeebucks 95 torontoraptors 89 home
charlottehornets 95 portlandtrailblazers 89 away
bostonceltics 109 phoenixsuns 102 home
charlottehornets 106 goldenstatewarriors 89 away
indianapacers 98 chicagobulls 83 home
utahjazz 102 losangelesclippers 86 away
brooklynnets 96 clevelandcavaliers 84 home
orlandomagic 129 atlantahawks 94 home
sacramentokings 97 losangeleslakers 91 home
sanantoniospurs 86 philadelphiaSSers 76 home
miamiheat 98 oklahomacitythunder 94 away
torontoraptors 98 denvernuggets 96 home
atlantahawks 107 orlandomagic 104 home
chicagobulls 87 bostonceltics 84 home
clevelandcavaliers 109 denvernuggets 99 home
washingtonwizards 102 dallasmavericks 95 away
memphisgrizzlies 92 philadelphiaSSers 83 home
milwaukeebucks 95 brooklynnets 79 home
minnesotatimberwolves 107 houstonrockets 97 home
newyorkknicks 101 indianapacers 99 home
portlandtrailblazers 113 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
utahjazz 111 goldenstatewarriors 101 home
detroitpistons 105 houstonrockets 77 home
losangelesclippers 89 charlottehornets 78 home
sacramentokings 95 miamiheat 88 home
phoenixsuns 91 torontoraptors 90 away
losangelesclippers 100 orlandomagic 92 home
utahjazz 107 dallasmavericks 98 home
atlantahawks 89 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
brooklynnets 107 chicagobulls 93 away
dallasmavericks 105 portlandtrailblazers 103 home
charlottehornets 99 denvernuggets 96 away
clevelandcavaliers 107 houstonrockets 102 away
oklahomacitythunder 104 losangeleslakers 93 away
washingtonwizards 91 memphisgrizzlies 81 away
miamiheat 99 milwaukeebucks 97 home
minnesotatimberwolves 107 goldenstatewarriors 86 home
bostonceltics 102 newyorkknicks 93 away
sacramentokings 112 orlandomagic 100 home
losangelesclippers 114 oklahomacitythunder 94 home
phoenixsuns 114 sacramentokings 88 home
sanantoniospurs 108 torontoraptors 95 home
minnesotatimberwolves 98 utahjazz 87 away
washingtonwizards 82 miamiheat 80 home
charlottehornets 104 torontoraptors 90 home
dallasmavericks 102 clevelandcavaliers 82 home
denvernuggets 89 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
detroitpistons 99 newyorkknicks 97 home
orlandomagic 105 goldenstatewarriors 100 away
indianapacers 108 houstonrockets 106 home
bostonceltics 107 chicagobulls 101 home
losangeleslakers 110 losangelesclippers 80 home
brooklynnets 95 miamiheat 86 away
minnesotatimberwolves 114 sacramentokings 94 home
milwaukeebucks 96 philadelphiaSSers 80 away
sanantoniospurs 105 phoenixsuns 93 away
utahjazz 93 portlandtrailblazers 85 home
washingtonwizards 96 newyorkknicks 80 home
bostonceltics 106 charlottehornets 97 away
atlantahawks 80 chicagobulls 79 away
philadelphiaSSers 94 clevelandcavaliers 91 away
dallasmavericks 125 minnesotatimberwolves 117 home
denvernuggets 106 phoenixsuns 98 home
goldenstatewarriors 93 memphisgrizzlies 84 home
miamiheat 76 houstonrockets 73 away
milwaukeebucks 115 indianapacers 95 home
portlandtrailblazers 117 orlandomagic 106 home
sanantoniospurs 100 utahjazz 80 home
losangelesclippers 82 detroitpistons 77 home
losangeleslakers 101 goldenstatewarriors 85 home
brooklynnets 114 newyorkknicks 96 away
sacramentokings 104 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
oklahomacitythunder 114 orlandomagic 91 home
washingtonwizards 93 torontoraptors 88 away
philadelphiaSSers 99 bostonceltics 83 home
indianapacers 103 atlantahawks 100 away
newyorkknicks 100 charlottehornets 95 away
clevelandcavaliers 102 chicagobulls 84 home
sanantoniospurs 102 denvernuggets 93 away
portlandtrailblazers 101 houstonrockets 92 away
milwaukeebucks 114 memphisgrizzlies 105 away
utahjazz 95 miamiheat 56 away
dallasmavericks 107 minnesotatimberwolves 103 away
losangelesclippers 96 phoenixsuns 92 away
sacramentokings 102 detroitpistons 98 home
bostonceltics 104 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
goldenstatewarriors 101 detroitpistons 88 home
torontoraptors 102 indianapacers 90 away
brooklynnets 117 minnesotatimberwolves 112 home
orlandomagic 98 utahjazz 90 home
charlottehornets 94 philadelphiaSSers 85 away
sanantoniospurs 97 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 sacramentokings 92 home
washingtonwizards 103 atlantahawks 76 home
dallasmavericks 113 milwaukeebucks 101 home
losangeleslakers 107 houstonrockets 101 away
memphisgrizzlies 90 newyorkknicks 88 away
torontoraptors 96 chicagobulls 91 home
bostonceltics 98 utahjazz 92 home
oklahomacitythunder 111 goldenstatewarriors 108 away
indianapacers 100 brooklynnets 94 home
memphisgrizzlies 114 losangeleslakers 108 home
clevelandcavaliers 86 miamiheat 81 away
minnesotatimberwolves 94 charlottehornets 89 home
washingtonwizards 93 orlandomagic 75 away
philadelphiaSSers 94 atlantahawks 83 home
portlandtrailblazers 83 detroitpistons 81 home
sanantoniospurs 109 denvernuggets 74 home
atlantahawks 101 charlottehornets 88 home
minnesotatimberwolves 95 chicagobulls 74 away
indianapacers 109 clevelandcavaliers 103 away
dallasmavericks 102 orlandomagic 80 home
goldenstatewarriors 105 denvernuggets 101 away
houstonrockets 115 milwaukeebucks 110 home
losangelesclippers 101 sacramentokings 85 home
utahjazz 104 brooklynnets 90 away
washingtonwizards 87 newyorkknicks 86 away
phoenixsuns 102 portlandtrailblazers 90 home
oklahomacitythunder 117 detroitpistons 89 home
bostonceltics 85 memphisgrizzlies 80 home
sacramentokings 133 phoenixsuns 101 home
milwaukeebucks 101 sanantoniospurs 91 away
torontoraptors 83 miamiheat 76 home
losangeleslakers 88 philadelphiaSSers 82 home
newyorkknicks 102 torontoraptors 94 home
charlottehornets 99 washingtonwizards 93 home
brooklynnets 91 clevelandcavaliers 89 away
minnesotatimberwolves 94 denvernuggets 91 away
goldenstatewarriors 101 losangeleslakers 90 home
phoenixsuns 97 houstonrockets 91 away
philadelphiaSSers 100 losangelesclippers 86 away
memphisgrizzlies 107 chicagobulls 85 home
milwaukeebucks 107 atlantahawks 97 home
indianapacers 89 orlandomagic 82 away
sacramentokings 89 portlandtrailblazers 74 home
dallasmavericks 126 sanantoniospurs 123 away
utahjazz 99 bostonceltics 86 home
atlantahawks 100 miamiheat 96 home
dallasmavericks 89 chicagobulls 74 home
brooklynnets 88 detroitpistons 75 away
indianapacers 108 washingtonwizards 81 home
phoenixsuns 84 bostonceltics 82 home
utahjazz 99 portlandtrailblazers 87 away
oklahomacitythunder 101 losangelesclippers 90 home
milwaukeebucks 105 charlottehornets 89 away
clevelandcavaliers 98 newyorkknicks 88 home
denvernuggets 93 philadelphiaSSers 90 home
houstonrockets 100 goldenstatewarriors 93 away
torontoraptors 89 losangeleslakers 86 away
memphisgrizzlies 91 miamiheat 86 away
orlandomagic 87 detroitpistons 78 home
sacramentokings 125 minnesotatimberwolves 111 home
chicagobulls 103 clevelandcavaliers 80 home
dallasmavericks 113 atlantahawks 97 home
bostonceltics 105 losangelesclippers 103 away
milwaukeebucks 102 sanantoniospurs 99 home
brooklynnets 98 indianapacers 93 home
phoenixsuns 109 denvernuggets 92 home
oklahomacitythunder 101 torontoraptors 75 home
utahjazz 89 philadelphiaSSers 81 home
washingtonwizards 107 charlottehornets 90 home
detroitpistons 86 miamiheat 80 home
losangeleslakers 114 houstonrockets 90 home
sanantoniospurs 83 memphisgrizzlies 79 away
orlandomagic 94 newyorkknicks 90 away
minnesotatimberwolves 95 portlandtrailblazers 93 away
sacramentokings 109 bostonceltics 94 home
chicagobulls 90 milwaukeebucks 83 home
miamiheat 89 indianapacers 87 away
washingtonwizards 98 brooklynnets 76 home
losangelesclippers 112 portlandtrailblazers 97 home
bostonceltics 110 orlandomagic 94 home
dallasmavericks 107 chicagobulls 97 away
clevelandcavaliers 113 goldenstatewarriors 98 home
losangeleslakers 87 denvernuggets 86 away
minnesotatimberwolves 95 milwaukeebucks 77 home
brooklynnets 92 memphisgrizzlies 74 home
philadelphiaSSers 102 phoenixsuns 81 away
torontoraptors 95 portlandtrailblazers 84 away
sacramentokings 105 losangelesclippers 91 home
sanantoniospurs 97 detroitpistons 85 home
charlottehornets 114 goldenstatewarriors 102 home
houstonrockets 99 detroitpistons 97 home
newyorkknicks 108 dallasmavericks 101 home
miamiheat 89 bostonceltics 66 away
losangelesclippers 82 denvernuggets 80 away
losangeleslakers 118 phoenixsuns 86 home
atlantahawks 113 memphisgrizzlies 109 away
minnesotatimberwolves 93 utahjazz 86 home
orlandomagic 109 brooklynnets 96 away
indianapacers 92 sanantoniospurs 82 away
philadelphiaSSers 87 oklahomacitythunder 77 away
torontoraptors 101 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
washingtonwizards 89 chicagobulls 83 home
minnesotatimberwolves 112 atlantahawks 96 away
brooklynnets 89 charlottehornets 80 away
utahjazz 113 chicagobulls 111 away
sanantoniospurs 105 dallasmavericks 103 away
detroitpistons 101 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
indianapacers 81 houstonrockets 79 away
losangelesclippers 86 milwaukeebucks 83 home
bostonceltics 90 newyorkknicks 81 away
orlandomagic 118 goldenstatewarriors 109 home
sacramentokings 118 phoenixsuns 112 away
portlandtrailblazers 96 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 89 memphisgrizzlies 77 away
miamiheat 92 goldenstatewarriors 84 home
sacramentokings 115 milwaukeebucks 101 home
losangeleslakers 109 torontoraptors 89 away
charlottehornets 94 denvernuggets 80 home
oklahomacitythunder 100 chicagobulls 88 away
portlandtrailblazers 98 clevelandcavaliers 72 away
minnesotatimberwolves 109 detroitpistons 93 home
orlandomagic 98 bostonceltics 87 home
philadelphiaSSers 116 losangelesclippers 92 home
sanantoniospurs 90 newyorkknicks 79 home
utahjazz 98 phoenixsuns 84 home
washingtonwizards 96 losangelesclippers 88 home
atlantahawks 101 portlandtrailblazers 92 home
dallasmavericks 95 denvernuggets 94 home
losangeleslakers 121 detroitpistons 92 away
milwaukeebucks 113 goldenstatewarriors 97 away
houstonrockets 88 newyorkknicks 86 home
memphisgrizzlies 84 torontoraptors 81 home
brooklynnets 104 miamiheat 95 home
sanantoniospurs 93 bostonceltics 90 away
charlottehornets 111 atlantahawks 87 home
torontoraptors 85 chicagobulls 73 away
losangeleslakers 109 indianapacers 90 away
minnesotatimberwolves 111 oklahomacitythunder 106 home
orlandomagic 102 philadelphiaSSers 91 away
dallasmavericks 111 newyorkknicks 89 home
denvernuggets 96 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
portlandtrailblazers 92 miamiheat 85 away
brooklynnets 108 losangelesclippers 89 home
memphisgrizzlies 102 phoenixsuns 96 away
utahjazz 83 houstonrockets 79 home
bostonceltics 104 detroitpistons 90 home
charlottehornets 92 losangelesclippers 91 home
indianapacers 97 chicagobulls 90 home
milwaukeebucks 105 washingtonwizards 86 home
minnesotatimberwolves 120 losangeleslakers 102 home
portlandtrailblazers 92 orlandomagic 84 away
philadelphiaSSers 101 sanantoniospurs 84 home
oklahomacitythunder 102 clevelandcavaliers 100 home
torontoraptors 94 atlantahawks 91 home
bostonceltics 115 atlantahawks 91 away
chicagobulls 106 losangeleslakers 104 home
dallasmavericks 111 indianapacers 102 home
detroitpistons 104 charlottehornets 76 home
houstonrockets 98 denvernuggets 86 home
milwaukeebucks 102 newyorkknicks 97 away
brooklynnets 91 orlandomagic 85 away
phoenixsuns 108 miamiheat 74 home
memphisgrizzlies 97 utahjazz 95 away
minnesotatimberwolves 108 washingtonwizards 100 away
portlandtrailblazers 96 clevelandcavaliers 64 home
sacramentokings 103 phoenixsuns 100 home
losangelesclippers 79 torontoraptors 72 away
miamiheat 85 goldenstatewarriors 79 away
losangeleslakers 120 memphisgrizzlies 81 home
brooklynnets 99 sanantoniospurs 97 home
orlandomagic 113 dallasmavericks 87 home
utahjazz 106 denvernuggets 97 home
dallasmavericks 116 atlantahawks 107 away
charlottehornets 94 chicagobulls 86 away
torontoraptors 92 detroitpistons 90 away
milwaukeebucks 106 indianapacers 102 away
minnesotatimberwolves 97 losangelesclippers 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 112 houstonrockets 106 home
sacramentokings 109 clevelandcavaliers 102 home
sanantoniospurs 96 washingtonwizards 91 away
bostonceltics 101 newyorkknicks 100 home
sacramentokings 112 denvernuggets 107 away
goldenstatewarriors 117 clevelandcavaliers 88 home
miamiheat 102 losangeleslakers 96 away
milwaukeebucks 105 indianapacers 100 home
brooklynnets 111 washingtonwizards 67 home
portlandtrailblazers 108 phoenixsuns 99 away
torontoraptors 109 houstonrockets 103 home
utahjazz 95 oklahomacitythunder 80 home
chicagobulls 94 atlantahawks 91 away
philadelphiaSSers 93 charlottehornets 88 away
dallasmavericks 108 memphisgrizzlies 97 away
miamiheat 92 portlandtrailblazers 90 away
sanantoniospurs 102 utahjazz 98 home
houstonrockets 104 bostonceltics 101 away
denvernuggets 96 oklahomacitythunder 90 home
detroitpistons 96 indianapacers 93 away
losangelesclippers 109 clevelandcavaliers 103 home
milwaukeebucks 115 orlandomagic 110 home
phoenixsuns 103 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
sacramentokings 121 goldenstatewarriors 97 home
torontoraptors 89 brooklynnets 77 home
milwaukeebucks 116 atlantahawks 107 away
torontoraptors 91 charlottehornets 89 away
washingtonwizards 77 chicagobulls 69 away
dallasmavericks 106 utahjazz 103 home
detroitpistons 94 bostonceltics 91 home
minnesotatimberwolves 105 goldenstatewarriors 102 away
orlandomagic 119 memphisgrizzlies 103 away
miamiheat 100 indianapacers 88 home
brooklynnets 99 houstonrockets 90 home
philadelphiaSSers 97 newyorkknicks 89 home
portlandtrailblazers 113 losangelesclippers 93 home
losangeleslakers 98 sanantoniospurs 81 away
oklahomacitythunder 104 denvernuggets 77 home
atlantahawks 95 houstonrockets 91 home
bostonceltics 106 torontoraptors 97 home
indianapacers 93 chicagobulls 81 away
miamiheat 95 clevelandcavaliers 93 away
dallasmavericks 113 brooklynnets 105 home
milwaukeebucks 97 detroitpistons 79 away
utahjazz 101 goldenstatewarriors 99 away
losangelesclippers 102 denvernuggets 89 home
minnesotatimberwolves 105 washingtonwizards 101 home
charlottehornets 111 newyorkknicks 68 away
oklahomacitythunder 109 philadelphiaSSers 98 away
sacramentokings 112 memphisgrizzlies 98 home
dallasmavericks 113 houstonrockets 107 away
denvernuggets 107 losangeleslakers 91 away
miamiheat 92 chicagobulls 79 home
phoenixsuns 92 milwaukeebucks 81 away
orlandomagic 100 atlantahawks 86 home
portlandtrailblazers 116 sacramentokings 110 home
brooklynnets 92 sanantoniospurs 86 away
philadelphiaSSers 91 washingtonwizards 84 away
bostonceltics 98 indianapacers 94 home
charlottehornets 111 oklahomacitythunder 101 home
detroitpistons 104 minnesotatimberwolves 83 home
goldenstatewarriors 107 memphisgrizzlies 95 home
losangelesclippers 95 losangeleslakers 90 home
newyorkknicks 96 torontoraptors 92 away
sanantoniospurs 98 utahjazz 92 away
dallasmavericks 104 denvernuggets 97 away
brooklynnets 103 houstonrockets 98 away
oklahomacitythunder 99 milwaukeebucks 88 away
newyorkknicks 96 phoenixsuns 91 home
orlandomagic 92 miamiheat 87 home
portlandtrailblazers 120 memphisgrizzlies 82 home
sacramentokings 113 utahjazz 80 home
washingtonwizards 94 clevelandcavaliers 85 home
detroitpistons 107 atlantahawks 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 106 bostonceltics 90 away
indianapacers 90 charlottehornets 81 home
losangeleslakers 94 sanantoniospurs 91 home
torontoraptors 107 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
houstonrockets 111 charlottehornets 104 away
chicagobulls 95 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
bostonceltics 108 clevelandcavaliers 101 away
sanantoniospurs 90 goldenstatewarriors 82 away
oklahomacitythunder 95 indianapacers 86 away
dallasmavericks 133 losangelesclippers 112 away
miamiheat 90 brooklynnets 77 home
newyorkknicks 129 milwaukeebucks 127 away
minnesotatimberwolves 103 atlantahawks 80 home
sacramentokings 114 utahjazz 90 away
washingtonwizards 112 phoenixsuns 102 home
philadelphiaSSers 93 losangeleslakers 87 home
torontoraptors 106 orlandomagic 97 home
memphisgrizzlies 119 losangelesclippers 115 home
utahjazz 101 miamiheat 89 home
losangeleslakers 127 atlantahawks 93 away
clevelandcavaliers 114 minnesotatimberwolves 81 home
losangelesclippers 117 dallasmavericks 100 away
miamiheat 100 denvernuggets 94 away
houstonrockets 100 goldenstatewarriors 96 home
milwaukeebucks 109 bostonceltics 90 home
newyorkknicks 78 philadelphiaSSers 71 home
phoenixsuns 91 chicagobulls 90 home
charlottehornets 78 sanantoniospurs 73 away
portlandtrailblazers 92 oklahomacitythunder 86 away
detroitpistons 89 washingtonwizards 86 away
detroitpistons 88 atlantahawks 71 home
indianapacers 83 memphisgrizzlies 82 home
losangeleslakers 111 orlandomagic 93 away
philadelphiaSSers 96 minnesotatimberwolves 91 home
utahjazz 90 chicagobulls 78 home
washingtonwizards 93 clevelandcavaliers 92 away
dallasmavericks 95 houstonrockets 91 home
brooklynnets 125 milwaukeebucks 100 home
portlandtrailblazers 105 phoenixsuns 97 home
losangelesclippers 91 sanantoniospurs 87 away
sacramentokings 99 oklahomacitythunder 95 away
torontoraptors 97 bostonceltics 92 home
minnesotatimberwolves 98 bostonceltics 95 away
orlandomagic 85 detroitpistons 83 away
charlottehornets 73 houstonrockets 72 away
indianapacers 92 newyorkknicks 87 home
losangeleslakers 100 memphisgrizzlies 85 away
miamiheat 88 sanantoniospurs 83 home
phoenixsuns 104 goldenstatewarriors 98 home
sacramentokings 132 denvernuggets 96 home
washingtonwizards 97 atlantahawks 90 home
atlantahawks 101 losangelesclippers 94 home
detroitpistons 115 clevelandcavaliers 107 away
philadelphiaSSers 86 milwaukeebucks 81 away
brooklynnets 98 torontoraptors 91 home
chicagobulls 97 oklahomacitythunder 91 away
utahjazz 97 portlandtrailblazers 96 home
bostonceltics 104 losangelesclippers 91 home
losangeleslakers 101 dallasmavericks 94 away
phoenixsuns 98 goldenstatewarriors 97 away
charlottehornets 97 memphisgrizzlies 79 away
sacramentokings 112 minnesotatimberwolves 107 away
miamiheat 94 newyorkknicks 83 away
sanantoniospurs 105 orlandomagic 98 away
portlandtrailblazers 101 chicagobulls 96 home
washingtonwizards 109 indianapacers 89 home
houstonrockets 104 utahjazz 97 home
brooklynnets 117 sacramentokings 83 home
torontoraptors 100 philadelphiaSSers 93 away
sanantoniospurs 113 minnesotatimberwolves 83 home
bostonceltics 82 charlottehornets 79 away
denvernuggets 97 portlandtrailblazers 96 home
detroitpistons 86 philadelphiaSSers 82 home
oklahomacitythunder 113 goldenstatewarriors 87 away
dallasmavericks 141 indianapacers 140 away
memphisgrizzlies 86 utahjazz 79 home
atlantahawks 76 miamiheat 73 away
losangelesclippers 112 newyorkknicks 110 away
orlandomagic 106 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
washingtonwizards 99 torontoraptors 94 home
sacramentokings 102 bostonceltics 85 away
clevelandcavaliers 111 houstonrockets 109 home
chicagobulls 97 losangeleslakers 89 away
minnesotatimberwolves 113 portlandtrailblazers 103 home
dallasmavericks 112 brooklynnets 100 away
oklahomacitythunder 90 phoenixsuns 79 home
philadelphiaSSers 100 charlottehornets 93 away
detroitpistons 105 losangelesclippers 92 home
milwaukeebucks 107 memphisgrizzlies 103 home
newyorkknicks 92 atlantahawks 89 home
torontoraptors 80 sanantoniospurs 74 home
washingtonwizards 108 sacramentokings 101 home
atlantahawks 105 brooklynnets 103 home
chicagobulls 96 milwaukeebucks 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 99 torontoraptors 81 home
bostonceltics 110 denvernuggets 93 away
phoenixsuns 99 detroitpistons 71 away
houstonrockets 85 memphisgrizzlies 78 home
utahjazz 98 indianapacers 82 away
losangeleslakers 103 washingtonwizards 94 home
orlandomagic 122 newyorkknicks 114 home
sacramentokings 99 sanantoniospurs 86 home
dallasmavericks 112 oklahomacitythunder 106 away
charlottehornets 113 chicagobulls 91 home
goldenstatewarriors 92 bostonceltics 75 home
miamiheat 112 orlandomagic 95 home
clevelandcavaliers 115 milwaukeebucks 107 away
minnesotatimberwolves 107 phoenixsuns 92 home
newyorkknicks 89 torontoraptors 82 home
portlandtrailblazers 114 dallasmavericks 103 home
sanantoniospurs 89 losangelesclippers 76 away
denvernuggets 100 memphisgrizzlies 85 away
detroitpistons 85 brooklynnets 80 away
utahjazz 98 philadelphiaSSers 91 away
sacramentokings 109 washingtonwizards 93 home
losangeleslakers 92 oklahomacitythunder 87 away
charlottehornets 116 indianapacers 106 home
brooklynnets 106 chicagobulls 81 away
sanantoniospurs 108 goldenstatewarriors 99 away
atlantahawks 93 losangeleslakers 90 away
miamiheat 90 milwaukeebucks 88 away
denvernuggets 99 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
detroitpistons 101 newyorkknicks 90 away
washingtonwizards 97 phoenixsuns 96 away
bostonceltics 107 portlandtrailblazers 104 away
utahjazz 94 torontoraptors 85 away
clevelandcavaliers 114 chicagobulls 101 away
orlandomagic 109 houstonrockets 100 away
losangelesclippers 119 dallasmavericks 110 home
oklahomacitythunder 99 bostonceltics 79 home
dallasmavericks 105 phoenixsuns 92 away
portlandtrailblazers 111 losangeleslakers 105 home
oklahomacitythunder 126 sacramentokings 116 away
milwaukeebucks 91 torontoraptors 86 away
memphisgrizzlies 92 charlottehornets 78 away
atlantahawks 100 goldenstatewarriors 94 away
indianapacers 86 philadelphiaSSers 76 home
minnesotatimberwolves 93 miamiheat 80 home
brooklynnets 98 denvernuggets 77 home
utahjazz 92 newyorkknicks 89 away
utahjazz 103 clevelandcavaliers 92 away
detroitpistons 89 torontoraptors 76 home
portlandtrailblazers 80 losangelesclippers 79 away
miamiheat 102 chicagobulls 80 home
charlottehornets 101 milwaukeebucks 92 away
philadelphiaSSers 110 denvernuggets 83 home
houstonrockets 102 washingtonwizards 89 away
minnesotatimberwolves 117 dallasmavericks 100 away
bostonceltics 109 losangeleslakers 108 away
brooklynnets 123 goldenstatewarriors 115 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 phoenixsuns 91 away
sacramentokings 99 atlantahawks 79 home
sanantoniospurs 99 memphisgrizzlies 93 home
chicagobulls 113 newyorkknicks 109 home
utahjazz 110 denvernuggets 99 away
detroitpistons 97 washingtonwizards 90 home
losangelesclippers 81 miamiheat 71 away
milwaukeebucks 115 houstonrockets 76 home
philadelphiaSSers 114 goldenstatewarriors 107 home
portlandtrailblazers 90 oklahomacitythunder 84 away
charlottehornets 78 torontoraptors 77 away
losangeleslakers 104 clevelandcavaliers 97 away
dallasmavericks 98 bostonceltics 92 home
houstonrockets 89 minnesotatimberwolves 83 home
phoenixsuns 78 memphisgrizzlies 72 away
orlandomagic 119 losangelesclippers 102 home
portlandtrailblazers 94 atlantahawks 79 home
sanantoniospurs 115 sacramentokings 92 home
brooklynnets 93 washingtonwizards 82 away
losangeleslakers 96 charlottehornets 94 away
chicagobulls 91 phoenixsuns 83 home
clevelandcavaliers 103 indianapacers 93 away
milwaukeebucks 116 goldenstatewarriors 112 home
brooklynnets 115 newyorkknicks 93 home
oklahomacitythunder 99 atlantahawks 96 home
detroitpistons 80 torontoraptors 72 away
chicagobulls 105 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
dallasmavericks 111 sacramentokings 97 home
houstonrockets 99 bostonceltics 89 home
indianapacers 106 losangelesclippers 88 home
orlandomagic 105 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
portlandtrailblazers 101 denvernuggets 90 home
minnesotatimberwolves 112 sanantoniospurs 88 away
miamiheat 97 washingtonwizards 95 away
clevelandcavaliers 111 orlandomagic 96 home
atlantahawks 89 denvernuggets 84 away
miamiheat 92 washingtonwizards 80 home
milwaukeebucks 89 detroitpistons 82 home
brooklynnets 95 charlottehornets 93 home
losangeleslakers 107 newyorkknicks 91 away
phoenixsuns 92 sanantoniospurs 83 home
oklahomacitythunder 101 torontoraptors 92 away
minnesotatimberwolves 97 charlottehornets 92 away
indianapacers 102 goldenstatewarriors 97 away
losangelesclippers 90 memphisgrizzlies 77 away
portlandtrailblazers 88 philadelphiaSSers 83 away
orlandomagic 112 chicagobulls 97 away
oklahomacitythunder 109 clevelandcavaliers 89 away
dallasmavericks 104 memphisgrizzlies 91 home
losangelesclippers 94 houstonrockets 84 away
losangeleslakers 99 milwaukeebucks 89 away
sacramentokings 107 utahjazz 81 home
sanantoniospurs 99 phoenixsuns 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 98 atlantahawks 81 away
milwaukeebucks 95 bostonceltics 92 away
charlottehornets 104 brooklynnets 85 home
detroitpistons 101 chicagobulls 89 home
goldenstatewarriors 110 denvernuggets 93 home
minnesotatimberwolves 112 losangeleslakers 101 home
philadelphiaSSers 82 miamiheat 72 home
orlandomagic 90 torontoraptors 85 away
portlandtrailblazers 105 washingtonwizards 101 away
clevelandcavaliers 114 sanantoniospurs 107 home
miamiheat 100 newyorkknicks 86 home
phoenixsuns 107 indianapacers 100 home
utahjazz 114 memphisgrizzlies 70 home
charlottehornets 100 bostonceltics 87 away
chicagobulls 90 washingtonwizards 81 home
denvernuggets 96 memphisgrizzlies 83 home
detroitpistons 110 orlandomagic 102 home
sacramentokings 116 goldenstatewarriors 108 away
losangeleslakers 96 indianapacers 84 home
sanantoniospurs 85 minnesotatimberwolves 77 away
newyorkknicks 89 oklahomacitythunder 87 home
philadelphiaSSers 110 brooklynnets 102 home
portlandtrailblazers 91 torontoraptors 81 away
atlantahawks 84 clevelandcavaliers 81 home
miamiheat 109 dallasmavericks 95 away
losangelesclippers 109 goldenstatewarriors 95 home
portlandtrailblazers 104 milwaukeebucks 103 away
houstonrockets 104 phoenixsuns 97 away
minnesotatimberwolves 116 utahjazz 105 away
detroitpistons 83 charlottehornets 81 away
milwaukeebucks 101 clevelandcavaliers 91 away
dallasmavericks 116 denvernuggets 110 away
losangeleslakers 95 houstonrockets 79 home
oklahomacitythunder 96 memphisgrizzlies 71 away
brooklynnets 92 chicagobulls 84 home
sanantoniospurs 99 newyorkknicks 83 away
indianapacers 97 sacramentokings 86 away
philadelphiaSSers 96 torontoraptors 84 away
washingtonwizards 107 orlandomagic 102 home
atlantahawks 95 memphisgrizzlies 76 home
bostonceltics 100 philadelphiaSSers 94 away
portlandtrailblazers 107 sacramentokings 95 home
utahjazz 100 denvernuggets 82 home
clevelandcavaliers 103 atlantahawks 96 home
dallasmavericks 81 phoenixsuns 77 home
miamiheat 93 detroitpistons 91 away
houstonrockets 112 torontoraptors 109 home
indianapacers 111 orlandomagic 98 home
losangeleslakers 101 brooklynnets 92 home
newyorkknicks 102 milwaukeebucks 89 home
sanantoniospurs 109 goldenstatewarriors 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 97 minnesotatimberwolves 83 home
washingtonwizards 115 chicagobulls 90 home
bostonceltics 130 orlandomagic 110 home
miamiheat 92 chicagobulls 87 away
milwaukeebucks 92 losangelesclippers 86 home
philadelphiaSSers 85 clevelandcavaliers 76 home
phoenixsuns 89 brooklynnets 87 home
portlandtrailblazers 85 minnesotatimberwolves 78 home
utahjazz 92 losangeleslakers 84 home
dallasmavericks 122 torontoraptors 103 home
denvernuggets 104 newyorkknicks 93 home
memphisgrizzlies 122 indianapacers 111 home
sanantoniospurs 99 houstonrockets 97 home
oklahomacitythunder 92 charlottehornets 89 home
detroitpistons 95 washingtonwizards 92 away
bostonceltics 117 detroitpistons 92 home
losangelesclippers 94 chicagobulls 90 away
goldenstatewarriors 108 houstonrockets 95 away
torontoraptors 83 miamiheat 74 away
clevelandcavaliers 115 milwaukeebucks 109 away
orlandomagic 99 washingtonwizards 96 home
philadelphiaSSers 109 indianapacers 100 home
phoenixsuns 81 minnesotatimberwolves 76 home
portlandtrailblazers 82 brooklynnets 73 home
sacramentokings 99 charlottehornets 87 home
newyorkknicks 85 utahjazz 79 away
philadelphiaSSers 112 atlantahawks 91 away
sanantoniospurs 100 chicagobulls 73 away
dallasmavericks 107 goldenstatewarriors 105 home
denvernuggets 109 portlandtrailblazers 106 home
miamiheat 93 memphisgrizzlies 88 away
oklahomacitythunder 96 brooklynnets 90 home
bostonceltics 98 washingtonwizards 91 home
losangelesclippers 95 clevelandcavaliers 78 away
indianapacers 89 detroitpistons 84 away
houstonrockets 95 utahjazz 92 home
losangeleslakers 117 newyorkknicks 103 home
sacramentokings 98 milwaukeebucks 73 away
orlandomagic 92 torontoraptors 79 home
charlottehornets 88 phoenixsuns 82 away
atlantahawks 121 goldenstatewarriors 96 home
sacramentokings 107 chicagobulls 103 away
dallasmavericks 119 oklahomacitythunder 108 home
sanantoniospurs 93 denvernuggets 78 away
memphisgrizzlies 79 utahjazz 78 home
losangelesclippers 108 minnesotatimberwolves 99 away
bostonceltics 104 washingtonwizards 99 away
houstonrockets 101 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
indianapacers 115 goldenstatewarriors 101 home
losangeleslakers 107 charlottehornets 66 home
miamiheat 90 phoenixsuns 78 home
milwaukeebucks 110 chicagobulls 81 home
brooklynnets 86 torontoraptors 84 home
philadelphiaSSers 104 newyorkknicks 96 away
sanantoniospurs 98 memphisgrizzlies 84 home
atlantahawks 105 denvernuggets 102 home
bostonceltics 97 brooklynnets 89 home
detroitpistons 85 clevelandcavaliers 84 home
losangelesclippers 96 washingtonwizards 75 home
houstonrockets 96 minnesotatimberwolves 95 away
orlandomagic 119 phoenixsuns 114 home
sacramentokings 92 philadelphiaSSers 88 away
charlottehornets 100 utahjazz 82 home
losangeleslakers 110 goldenstatewarriors 102 away
newyorkknicks 113 sacramentokings 96 home
portlandtrailblazers 132 dallasmavericks 106 home
sanantoniospurs 91 chicagobulls 86 home
atlantahawks 104 phoenixsuns 89 home
utahjazz 100 detroitpistons 97 away
losangeleslakers 98 losangelesclippers 92 home
bostonceltics 103 memphisgrizzlies 97 away
indianapacers 98 minnesotatimberwolves 85 away
brooklynnets 97 miamiheat 78 home
orlandomagic 124 denvernuggets 102 home
washingtonwizards 103 oklahomacitythunder 98 away
charlottehornets 87 phoenixsuns 76 home
dallasmavericks 117 goldenstatewarriors 100 away
chicagobulls 114 houstonrockets 112 away
oklahomacitythunder 95 losangelesclippers 87 away
miamiheat 101 denvernuggets 76 home
detroitpistons 102 milwaukeebucks 94 away
newyorkknicks 105 clevelandcavaliers 95 home
portlandtrailblazers 95 washingtonwizards 80 home
sanantoniospurs 111 bostonceltics 104 home
clevelandcavaliers 104 newyorkknicks 99 home
indianapacers 85 atlantahawks 68 home
losangeleslakers 105 dallasmavericks 103 home
brooklynnets 87 memphisgrizzlies 76 away
utahjazz 96 minnesotatimberwolves 89 away
orlandomagic 105 philadelphiaSSers 103 away
sacramentokings 116 torontoraptors 113 away
portlandtrailblazers 100 bostonceltics 91 away
charlottehornets 113 milwaukeebucks 110 home
detroitpistons 98 denvernuggets 91 away
washingtonwizards 99 goldenstatewarriors 96 away
losangelesclippers 93 houstonrockets 86 home
atlantahawks 102 chicagobulls 96 away
clevelandcavaliers 100 brooklynnets 97 home
dallasmavericks 114 losangeleslakers 98 home
newyorkknicks 101 memphisgrizzlies 92 away
philadelphiaSSers 91 miamiheat 79 away
minnesotatimberwolves 112 torontoraptors 80 home
orlandomagic 101 milwaukeebucks 91 home
sacramentokings 110 houstonrockets 87 home
oklahomacitythunder 110 goldenstatewarriors 93 home
detroitpistons 94 utahjazz 87 away
bostonceltics 96 clevelandcavaliers 70 home
charlottehornets 94 indianapacers 88 home
washingtonwizards 107 denvernuggets 75 away
brooklynnets 97 portlandtrailblazers 82 home
miamiheat 82 philadelphiaSSers 77 away
sanantoniospurs 108 losangeleslakers 90 home
atlantahawks 118 newyorkknicks 89 home
sanantoniospurs 105 dallasmavericks 102 away
losangelesclippers 116 goldenstatewarriors 96 away
minnesotatimberwolves 95 memphisgrizzlies 93 away
detroitpistons 95 phoenixsuns 82 away
sacramentokings 118 denvernuggets 82 home
utahjazz 94 washingtonwizards 79 home
philadelphiaSSers 96 bostonceltics 91 away
portlandtrailblazers 109 chicagobulls 93 away
torontoraptors 94 clevelandcavaliers 80 away
losangeleslakers 94 detroitpistons 82 home
indianapacers 104 miamiheat 94 away
brooklynnets 108 milwaukeebucks 84 home
charlottehornets 106 orlandomagic 92 away
oklahomacitythunder 112 houstonrockets 82 home
atlantahawks 112 chicagobulls 96 home
dallasmavericks 111 memphisgrizzlies 100 home
denvernuggets 88 oklahomacitythunder 85 home
phoenixsuns 97 losangelesclippers 94 away
portlandtrailblazers 108 minnesotatimberwolves 99 away
sanantoniospurs 89 miamiheat 79 home
utahjazz 112 goldenstatewarriors 103 home
brooklynnets 116 atlantahawks 102 home
philadelphiaSSers 90 newyorkknicks 82 home
losangeleslakers 97 sacramentokings 96 away
torontoraptors 92 washingtonwizards 91 home
detroitpistons 109 bostonceltics 101 home
houstonrockets 116 goldenstatewarriors 104 away
charlottehornets 99 indianapacers 84 away
milwaukeebucks 110 orlandomagic 85 home
sanantoniospurs 91 losangelesclippers 85 away
bostonceltics 87 miamiheat 82 away
denvernuggets 84 newyorkknicks 83 away
phoenixsuns 102 clevelandcavaliers 96 home
memphisgrizzlies 103 portlandtrailblazers 100 away
oklahomacitythunder 106 utahjazz 92 home
atlantahawks 103 brooklynnets 77 home
detroitpistons 96 indianapacers 77 away
losangeleslakers 121 clevelandcavaliers 116 home
dallasmavericks 112 milwaukeebucks 106 away
goldenstatewarriors 115 minnesotatimberwolves 106 away
orlandomagic 96 chicagobulls 82 home
sacramentokings 107 losangelesclippers 90 home
utahjazz 109 houstonrockets 105 home
washingtonwizards 103 denvernuggets 87 home
bostonceltics 102 goldenstatewarriors 99 home
charlottehornets 111 orlandomagic 104 home
newyorkknicks 89 detroitpistons 82 away
brooklynnets 88 philadelphiaSSers 80 away
phoenixsuns 118 losangeleslakers 106 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 sanantoniospurs 93 home
oklahomacitythunder 96 memphisgrizzlies 82 home
torontoraptors 81 miamiheat 80 home
torontoraptors 85 atlantahawks 83 away
philadelphiaSSers 99 chicagobulls 79 away
sacramentokings 101 houstonrockets 74 away
milwaukeebucks 95 denvernuggets 88 home
minnesotatimberwolves 113 dallasmavericks 111 home
utahjazz 112 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
dallasmavericks 108 bostonceltics 82 away
sacramentokings 92 charlottehornets 87 away
detroitpistons 110 goldenstatewarriors 103 home
losangeleslakers 91 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
miamiheat 92 atlantahawks 80 home
minnesotatimberwolves 98 newyorkknicks 77 away
orlandomagic 114 indianapacers 106 home
losangelesclippers 96 phoenixsuns 94 away
oklahomacitythunder 79 sanantoniospurs 76 home
washingtonwizards 107 milwaukeebucks 98 home
denvernuggets 100 chicagobulls 84 away
charlottehornets 93 clevelandcavaliers 85 away
phoenixsuns 90 houstonrockets 88 away
utahjazz 105 losangelesclippers 92 away
memphisgrizzlies 105 goldenstatewarriors 99 home
brooklynnets 102 philadelphiaSSers 92 home
oklahomacitythunder 92 portlandtrailblazers 87 away
sacramentokings 92 atlantahawks 91 away
bostonceltics 110 milwaukeebucks 80 home
detroitpistons 86 denvernuggets 82 home
indianapacers 100 miamiheat 81 home
losangeleslakers 96 sanantoniospurs 95 home
minnesotatimberwolves 86 brooklynnets 85 home
orlandomagic 97 newyorkknicks 90 home
torontoraptors 72 philadelphiaSSers 70 away
dallasmavericks 110 washingtonwizards 103 away
atlantahawks 100 milwaukeebucks 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 101 phoenixsuns 96 home
denvernuggets 98 utahjazz 90 home
goldenstatewarriors 107 portlandtrailblazers 91 home
houstonrockets 100 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
bostonceltics 105 indianapacers 94 away
sacramentokings 107 memphisgrizzlies 83 away
detroitpistons 90 miamiheat 87 away
newyorkknicks 91 charlottehornets 85 home
losangeleslakers 113 washingtonwizards 93 away
charlottehornets 97 miamiheat 90 home
sacramentokings 107 detroitpistons 86 away
milwaukeebucks 105 washingtonwizards 90 home
minnesotatimberwolves 92 memphisgrizzlies 81 home
brooklynnets 94 losangeleslakers 92 home
philadelphiaSSers 89 phoenixsuns 83 home
sanantoniospurs 90 oklahomacitythunder 88 home
torontoraptors 117 chicagobulls 104 home
utahjazz 99 losangelesclippers 87 home
atlantahawks 95 indianapacers 94 home
dallasmavericks 115 losangelesclippers 90 home
denvernuggets 88 minnesotatimberwolves 87 home
sanantoniospurs 102 houstonrockets 78 away
orlandomagic 105 clevelandcavaliers 101 home
portlandtrailblazers 88 newyorkknicks 80 home
bostonceltics 99 losangeleslakers 81 home
charlottehornets 97 washingtonwizards 91 home
torontoraptors 98 chicagobulls 96 away
goldenstatewarriors 108 denvernuggets 104 home
indianapacers 97 phoenixsuns 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 houstonrockets 81 home
miamiheat 102 milwaukeebucks 97 home
brooklynnets 110 orlandomagic 85 home
detroitpistons 92 philadelphiaSSers 88 away
newyorkknicks 86 oklahomacitythunder 83 away
sacramentokings 117 utahjazz 109 away
charlottehornets 93 atlantahawks 86 away
clevelandcavaliers 120 chicagobulls 101 home
minnesotatimberwolves 108 phoenixsuns 104 home
portlandtrailblazers 113 goldenstatewarriors 86 home
sanantoniospurs 89 dallasmavericks 87 home
washingtonwizards 88 memphisgrizzlies 85 home
losangelesclippers 97 denvernuggets 75 home
losangeleslakers 96 miamiheat 88 away
bostonceltics 102 brooklynnets 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 89 milwaukeebucks 87 home
sacramentokings 116 newyorkknicks 82 home
torontoraptors 94 indianapacers 84 home
chicagobulls 105 bostonceltics 100 home
detroitpistons 105 atlantahawks 99 home
minnesotatimberwolves 100 goldenstatewarriors 93 away
clevelandcavaliers 111 indianapacers 99 away
orlandomagic 83 houstonrockets 74 home
sanantoniospurs 99 portlandtrailblazers 87 home
oklahomacitythunder 102 losangelesclippers 100 home
dallasmavericks 105 utahjazz 96 away
dallasmavericks 108 portlandtrailblazers 96 home
losangeleslakers 112 utahjazz 82 home
memphisgrizzlies 97 denvernuggets 86 home
miamiheat 120 houstonrockets 117 home
philadelphiaSSers 92 milwaukeebucks 90 away
brooklynnets 101 washingtonwizards 88 home
orlandomagic 108 newyorkknicks 97 away
phoenixsuns 99 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
sacramentokings 122 minnesotatimberwolves 103 home
torontoraptors 84 charlottehornets 80 home
bostonceltics 70 miamiheat 65 home
atlantahawks 101 charlottehornets 95 away
clevelandcavaliers 106 milwaukeebucks 81 home
chicagobulls 102 detroitpistons 101 away
sacramentokings 118 goldenstatewarriors 116 away
indianapacers 98 torontoraptors 82 home
sanantoniospurs 87 denvernuggets 79 home
washingtonwizards 90 philadelphiaSSers 77 home
houstonrockets 98 dallasmavericks 95 away
losangeleslakers 96 minnesotatimberwolves 83 home
memphisgrizzlies 102 portlandtrailblazers 99 home
chicagobulls 104 newyorkknicks 101 away
brooklynnets 101 orlandomagic 99 away
utahjazz 97 phoenixsuns 96 away
bostonceltics 107 newyorkknicks 92 home
charlottehornets 112 clevelandcavaliers 100 home
denvernuggets 97 goldenstatewarriors 89 home
sanantoniospurs 96 detroitpistons 86 away
portlandtrailblazers 80 houstonrockets 79 away
indianapacers 112 milwaukeebucks 107 home
sacramentokings 125 losangelesclippers 106 away
miamiheat 99 orlandomagic 94 home
philadelphiaSSers 100 washingtonwizards 91 home
torontoraptors 112 atlantahawks 73 home
atlantahawks 128 clevelandcavaliers 123 home
detroitpistons 124 chicagobulls 106 away
denvernuggets 98 phoenixsuns 94 home
utahjazz 109 goldenstatewarriors 101 away
minnesotatimberwolves 101 losangelesclippers 98 away
sanantoniospurs 113 memphisgrizzlies 92 away
dallasmavericks 116 oklahomacitythunder 99 away
memphisgrizzlies 98 houstonrockets 95 away
newyorkknicks 94 miamiheat 67 away
milwaukeebucks 98 charlottehornets 91 home
philadelphiaSSers 95 orlandomagic 89 away
portlandtrailblazers 128 losangeleslakers 120 home
dallasmavericks 113 sacramentokings 100 away
torontoraptors 101 brooklynnets 82 home
indianapacers 86 washingtonwizards 80 away
losangeleslakers 111 oklahomacitythunder 104 home
bostonceltics 93 minnesotatimberwolves 90 away
chicagobulls 98 philadelphiaSSers 96 away
orlandomagic 102 atlantahawks 95 away
indianapacers 99 clevelandcavaliers 95 away
dallasmavericks 96 utahjazz 87 home
denvernuggets 101 houstonrockets 70 home
losangelesclippers 92 memphisgrizzlies 84 home
charlottehornets 88 miamiheat 81 away
milwaukeebucks 105 torontoraptors 89 home
detroitpistons 103 brooklynnets 98 away
sacramentokings 120 goldenstatewarriors 106 home
sanantoniospurs 95 phoenixsuns 71 home
washingtonwizards 116 newyorkknicks 112 home
bostonceltics 89 atlantahawks 81 home
charlottehornets 112 chicagobulls 106 home
detroitpistons 123 milwaukeebucks 89 home
goldenstatewarriors 107 losangelesclippers 103 home
indianapacers 103 philadelphiaSSers 80 home
losangeleslakers 109 sacramentokings 95 home
minnesotatimberwolves 104 denvernuggets 90 home
brooklynnets 99 newyorkknicks 94 away
miamiheat 103 orlandomagic 89 away
phoenixsuns 89 dallasmavericks 76 home
portlandtrailblazers 92 houstonrockets 79 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 memphisgrizzlies 94 home
torontoraptors 103 clevelandcavaliers 85 home
sanantoniospurs 86 utahjazz 84 away
charlottehornets 80 orlandomagic 79 home
indianapacers 89 brooklynnets 83 away
sacramentokings 89 utahjazz 86 home
sanantoniospurs 110 oklahomacitythunder 89 home
bostonceltics 92 philadelphiaSSers 82 home
dallasmavericks 101 minnesotatimberwolves 94 home
detroitpistons 85 torontoraptors 63 home
losangeleslakers 95 portlandtrailblazers 87 home
brooklynnets 95 indianapacers 79 home
oklahomacitythunder 98 sanantoniospurs 90 away
orlandomagic 111 charlottehornets 103 away
utahjazz 93 sacramentokings 86 away
dallasmavericks 122 minnesotatimberwolves 110 home
detroitpistons 96 torontoraptors 91 home
bostonceltics 93 philadelphiaSSers 85 home
losangeleslakers 103 portlandtrailblazers 96 home
brooklynnets 85 indianapacers 84 away
charlottehornets 110 orlandomagic 100 away
sanantoniospurs 102 oklahomacitythunder 75 away
torontoraptors 94 detroitpistons 84 home
sacramentokings 90 utahjazz 87 away
dallasmavericks 115 minnesotatimberwolves 102 away
philadelphiaSSers 108 bostonceltics 103 home
losangeleslakers 92 portlandtrailblazers 91 away
torontoraptors 89 detroitpistons 83 home
sacramentokings 91 utahjazz 86 away
indianapacers 97 brooklynnets 74 home
charlottehornets 102 orlandomagic 85 away
philadelphiaSSers 83 bostonceltics 81 home
oklahomacitythunder 91 sanantoniospurs 79 home
detroitpistons 85 torontoraptors 82 home
brooklynnets 120 indianapacers 109 home
bostonceltics 120 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
sanantoniospurs 101 oklahomacitythunder 78 home
sacramentokings 108 dallasmavericks 91 home
detroitpistons 96 bostonceltics 84 home
losangeleslakers 86 sanantoniospurs 80 home
brooklynnets 99 charlottehornets 93 home
dallasmavericks 110 sacramentokings 102 away
sanantoniospurs 88 losangeleslakers 85 away
brooklynnets 102 charlottehornets 88 home
bostonceltics 85 detroitpistons 77 away
charlottehornets 115 brooklynnets 97 home
sacramentokings 125 dallasmavericks 119 away
bostonceltics 66 detroitpistons 64 home
losangeleslakers 99 sanantoniospurs 89 away
sacramentokings 115 dallasmavericks 113 away
bostonceltics 90 detroitpistons 79 home
brooklynnets 89 charlottehornets 79 away
losangeleslakers 87 sanantoniospurs 85 away
sacramentokings 114 dallasmavericks 101 home
bostonceltics 90 detroitpistons 81 away
losangeleslakers 93 sanantoniospurs 87 home
brooklynnets 103 charlottehornets 95 home
losangeleslakers 106 sacramentokings 99 away
brooklynnets 104 bostonceltics 97 home
sacramentokings 96 losangeleslakers 90 home
bostonceltics 93 brooklynnets 86 away
sacramentokings 103 losangeleslakers 90 away
bostonceltics 94 brooklynnets 90 home
losangeleslakers 100 sacramentokings 99 home
brooklynnets 94 bostonceltics 92 away
sacramentokings 92 losangeleslakers 91 home
brooklynnets 103 bostonceltics 92 home
brooklynnets 96 bostonceltics 88 away
losangeleslakers 106 sacramentokings 102 home
losangeleslakers 112 sacramentokings 106 away
losangeleslakers 99 brooklynnets 94 home
losangeleslakers 106 brooklynnets 83 home
losangeleslakers 106 brooklynnets 103 away
losangeleslakers 113 brooklynnets 107 away
