sanantoniospurs 87 losangeleslakers 82 away
orlandomagic 95 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
sacramentokings 94 clevelandcavaliers 67 home
chicagobulls 99 bostonceltics 96 away
detroitpistons 86 newyorkknicks 77 home
goldenstatewarriors 106 sanantoniospurs 98 home
indianapacers 91 houstonrockets 82 home
clevelandcavaliers 98 losangelesclippers 96 away
dallasmavericks 119 memphisgrizzlies 108 away
orlandomagic 100 miamiheat 86 away
minnesotatimberwolves 83 denvernuggets 77 home
brooklynnets 105 atlantahawks 94 home
neworleanspelicans 100 utahjazz 75 home
philadelphiaSSers 95 milwaukeebucks 93 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 losangeleslakers 90 home
oklahomacitythunder 86 phoenixsuns 73 home
torontoraptors 74 washingtonwizards 68 home
atlantahawks 105 utahjazz 98 home
sacramentokings 100 portlandtrailblazers 72 home
washingtonwizards 114 bostonceltics 69 home
chicagobulls 84 neworleanspelicans 79 home
houstonrockets 83 denvernuggets 74 away
detroitpistons 109 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 goldenstatewarriors 93 away
losangeleslakers 108 losangelesclippers 93 home
minnesotatimberwolves 111 orlandomagic 105 home
brooklynnets 102 indianapacers 91 home
philadelphiaSSers 98 newyorkknicks 86 home
phoenixsuns 78 clevelandcavaliers 74 home
sanantoniospurs 91 torontoraptors 72 home
atlantahawks 98 chicagobulls 92 home
dallasmavericks 97 phoenixsuns 83 home
houstonrockets 88 torontoraptors 76 home
indianapacers 87 minnesotatimberwolves 80 home
sacramentokings 116 memphisgrizzlies 99 away
orlandomagic 100 milwaukeebucks 90 away
neworleanspelicans 100 miamiheat 95 home
bostonceltics 117 newyorkknicks 107 away
denvernuggets 96 portlandtrailblazers 79 away
utahjazz 101 goldenstatewarriors 92 home
brooklynnets 87 washingtonwizards 79 away
losangelesclippers 74 detroitpistons 72 home
losangeleslakers 98 portlandtrailblazers 95 home
miamiheat 88 sacramentokings 78 home
oklahomacitythunder 91 utahjazz 77 home
dallasmavericks 107 goldenstatewarriors 100 home
sanantoniospurs 103 memphisgrizzlies 101 away
brooklynnets 106 minnesotatimberwolves 82 home
milwaukeebucks 97 newyorkknicks 88 away
detroitpistons 84 phoenixsuns 82 away
torontoraptors 109 chicagobulls 105 home
clevelandcavaliers 89 losangeleslakers 70 home
atlantahawks 103 denvernuggets 87 away
oklahomacitythunder 104 houstonrockets 97 away
indianapacers 83 miamiheat 79 away
minnesotatimberwolves 90 washingtonwizards 86 home
orlandomagic 125 sacramentokings 121 home
sanantoniospurs 93 goldenstatewarriors 73 home
bostonceltics 91 chicagobulls 69 away
milwaukeebucks 99 brooklynnets 93 home
neworleanspelicans 86 oklahomacitythunder 84 home
newyorkknicks 95 sacramentokings 88 home
philadelphiaSSers 101 losangelesclippers 99 home
phoenixsuns 93 atlantahawks 88 home
portlandtrailblazers 94 memphisgrizzlies 88 home
dallasmavericks 106 torontoraptors 92 away
detroitpistons 80 utahjazz 78 away
washingtonwizards 107 clevelandcavaliers 100 home
bostonceltics 98 losangeleslakers 95 home
detroitpistons 89 denvernuggets 63 away
minnesotatimberwolves 114 milwaukeebucks 110 home
dallasmavericks 114 chicagobulls 87 away
indianapacers 107 newyorkknicks 94 home
brooklynnets 106 losangelesclippers 92 home
neworleanspelicans 110 goldenstatewarriors 104 home
orlandomagic 105 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
philadelphiaSSers 108 clevelandcavaliers 84 home
phoenixsuns 86 portlandtrailblazers 75 home
sacramentokings 99 memphisgrizzlies 91 home
utahjazz 110 atlantahawks 97 home
washingtonwizards 100 losangeleslakers 99 home
chicagobulls 100 brooklynnets 93 home
washingtonwizards 93 clevelandcavaliers 79 away
dallasmavericks 114 detroitpistons 75 home
denvernuggets 84 memphisgrizzlies 73 home
houstonrockets 111 goldenstatewarriors 104 home
indianapacers 108 torontoraptors 84 home
oklahomacitythunder 84 miamiheat 82 away
milwaukeebucks 110 philadelphiaSSers 105 home
bostonceltics 105 minnesotatimberwolves 99 away
portlandtrailblazers 95 sanantoniospurs 76 away
neworleanspelicans 97 newyorkknicks 91 away
losangelesclippers 120 orlandomagic 117 away
sacramentokings 105 atlantahawks 97 home
bostonceltics 112 utahjazz 95 home
dallasmavericks 82 portlandtrailblazers 73 home
goldenstatewarriors 108 memphisgrizzlies 101 away
sanantoniospurs 91 minnesotatimberwolves 75 home
detroitpistons 93 neworleanspelicans 87 home
houstonrockets 86 portlandtrailblazers 83 home
indianapacers 95 clevelandcavaliers 75 home
atlantahawks 95 losangeleslakers 83 away
losangelesclippers 101 miamiheat 82 away
utahjazz 108 newyorkknicks 87 away
torontoraptors 115 orlandomagic 109 away
oklahomacitythunder 101 washingtonwizards 95 away
bostonceltics 91 philadelphiaSSers 81 home
dallasmavericks 103 clevelandcavaliers 99 away
phoenixsuns 75 denvernuggets 72 away
sacramentokings 104 goldenstatewarriors 93 away
milwaukeebucks 108 chicagobulls 101 home
brooklynnets 91 sanantoniospurs 82 home
neworleanspelicans 102 minnesotatimberwolves 98 home
orlandomagic 101 losangelesclippers 80 away
philadelphiaSSers 99 sanantoniospurs 94 home
washingtonwizards 105 utahjazz 102 home
dallasmavericks 97 bostonceltics 86 away
detroitpistons 86 utahjazz 75 home
indianapacers 103 milwaukeebucks 100 home
losangeleslakers 96 goldenstatewarriors 89 home
minnesotatimberwolves 99 memphisgrizzlies 95 away
brooklynnets 93 miamiheat 84 away
neworleanspelicans 105 chicagobulls 87 home
phoenixsuns 88 houstonrockets 87 home
portlandtrailblazers 112 losangelesclippers 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 111 sacramentokings 97 home
torontoraptors 84 denvernuggets 79 home
atlantahawks 89 neworleanspelicans 82 home
chicagobulls 111 memphisgrizzlies 93 home
sanantoniospurs 90 clevelandcavaliers 77 away
detroitpistons 74 denvernuggets 53 home
goldenstatewarriors 135 orlandomagic 92 home
milwaukeebucks 104 bostonceltics 85 home
indianapacers 107 minnesotatimberwolves 101 away
dallasmavericks 96 brooklynnets 88 away
philadelphiaSSers 93 newyorkknicks 92 away
washingtonwizards 95 miamiheat 65 home
oklahomacitythunder 84 losangelesclippers 78 away
houstonrockets 93 losangeleslakers 89 away
philadelphiaSSers 100 washingtonwizards 84 home
sacramentokings 101 orlandomagic 99 home
utahjazz 82 torontoraptors 78 away
atlantahawks 117 torontoraptors 92 home
losangelesclippers 99 goldenstatewarriors 89 away
brooklynnets 99 denvernuggets 79 home
newyorkknicks 94 detroitpistons 91 home
sanantoniospurs 104 clevelandcavaliers 78 home
dallasmavericks 98 losangeleslakers 72 home
houstonrockets 97 clevelandcavaliers 80 home
miamiheat 97 milwaukeebucks 93 away
minnesotatimberwolves 110 memphisgrizzlies 106 home
neworleanspelicans 99 philadelphiaSSers 98 home
sacramentokings 111 chicagobulls 98 home
orlandomagic 101 oklahomacitythunder 84 away
utahjazz 99 phoenixsuns 76 home
minnesotatimberwolves 103 atlantahawks 93 away
bostonceltics 96 brooklynnets 79 home
utahjazz 96 denvernuggets 79 away
detroitpistons 79 miamiheat 68 home
goldenstatewarriors 100 chicagobulls 94 home
sacramentokings 93 losangelesclippers 89 away
philadelphiaSSers 95 memphisgrizzlies 88 away
portlandtrailblazers 98 orlandomagic 84 home
sanantoniospurs 95 losangeleslakers 88 home
indianapacers 97 torontoraptors 95 away
dallasmavericks 103 houstonrockets 90 home
portlandtrailblazers 89 oklahomacitythunder 85 away
bostonceltics 105 atlantahawks 98 home
denvernuggets 72 losangelesclippers 70 home
milwaukeebucks 95 goldenstatewarriors 91 away
houstonrockets 93 washingtonwizards 86 home
indianapacers 106 orlandomagic 70 home
losangeleslakers 86 chicagobulls 73 home
detroitpistons 75 miamiheat 72 away
brooklynnets 120 clevelandcavaliers 79 home
neworleanspelicans 105 newyorkknicks 97 home
philadelphiaSSers 90 torontoraptors 80 home
sacramentokings 118 phoenixsuns 101 home
sanantoniospurs 95 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
bostonceltics 109 atlantahawks 99 away
neworleanspelicans 97 clevelandcavaliers 84 away
dallasmavericks 115 oklahomacitythunder 105 home
detroitpistons 106 indianapacers 91 away
memphisgrizzlies 85 washingtonwizards 74 home
brooklynnets 96 minnesotatimberwolves 82 away
denvernuggets 80 phoenixsuns 79 away
sacramentokings 95 portlandtrailblazers 94 away
utahjazz 110 chicagobulls 90 home
losangelesclippers 90 houstonrockets 89 home
losangeleslakers 111 milwaukeebucks 99 home
minnesotatimberwolves 106 newyorkknicks 88 away
orlandomagic 77 miamiheat 75 home
oklahomacitythunder 91 sanantoniospurs 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 94 torontoraptors 84 away
philadelphiaSSers 108 neworleanspelicans 87 home
phoenixsuns 86 milwaukeebucks 81 home
atlantahawks 119 oklahomacitythunder 116 home
sacramentokings 91 clevelandcavaliers 85 away
denvernuggets 85 sanantoniospurs 81 home
utahjazz 99 losangelesclippers 94 away
miamiheat 97 losangeleslakers 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 77 houstonrockets 71 home
indianapacers 88 washingtonwizards 84 away
bostonceltics 92 chicagobulls 82 home
dallasmavericks 102 detroitpistons 82 away
houstonrockets 91 goldenstatewarriors 84 away
memphisgrizzlies 117 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
milwaukeebucks 112 clevelandcavaliers 80 home
minnesotatimberwolves 90 sacramentokings 74 home
neworleanspelicans 106 atlantahawks 94 home
orlandomagic 112 losangeleslakers 102 home
philadelphiaSSers 83 miamiheat 74 home
phoenixsuns 82 brooklynnets 75 home
sanantoniospurs 99 denvernuggets 68 home
newyorkknicks 87 torontoraptors 81 away
indianapacers 110 dallasmavericks 98 home
losangelesclippers 126 brooklynnets 118 home
atlantahawks 100 miamiheat 94 home
torontoraptors 98 bostonceltics 95 away
philadelphiaSSers 106 clevelandcavaliers 99 away
goldenstatewarriors 92 denvernuggets 82 away
detroitpistons 96 milwaukeebucks 91 home
indianapacers 100 washingtonwizards 84 home
losangeleslakers 112 memphisgrizzlies 106 away
phoenixsuns 94 sanantoniospurs 87 home
sacramentokings 107 losangelesclippers 94 home
houstonrockets 83 oklahomacitythunder 72 away
utahjazz 95 minnesotatimberwolves 77 home
dallasmavericks 103 chicagobulls 90 home
goldenstatewarriors 100 phoenixsuns 90 home
miamiheat 85 clevelandcavaliers 79 home
milwaukeebucks 109 detroitpistons 86 home
newyorkknicks 92 neworleanspelicans 86 home
orlandomagic 117 atlantahawks 92 home
brooklynnets 93 portlandtrailblazers 86 away
sanantoniospurs 107 utahjazz 85 home
philadelphiaSSers 95 washingtonwizards 94 away
bostonceltics 95 neworleanspelicans 86 home
indianapacers 92 losangelesclippers 87 away
minnesotatimberwolves 110 losangeleslakers 107 away
torontoraptors 92 memphisgrizzlies 87 away
sacramentokings 103 houstonrockets 84 home
oklahomacitythunder 96 brooklynnets 95 home
dallasmavericks 113 torontoraptors 102 home
newyorkknicks 125 clevelandcavaliers 93 home
bostonceltics 102 orlandomagic 97 away
miamiheat 100 phoenixsuns 90 away
utahjazz 102 indianapacers 91 home
goldenstatewarriors 110 denvernuggets 89 home
houstonrockets 89 sanantoniospurs 75 home
losangeleslakers 101 memphisgrizzlies 91 home
brooklynnets 87 atlantahawks 72 home
sacramentokings 98 minnesotatimberwolves 86 home
washingtonwizards 103 milwaukeebucks 78 home
neworleanspelicans 115 chicagobulls 90 away
clevelandcavaliers 111 chicagobulls 101 home
sacramentokings 92 denvernuggets 90 away
washingtonwizards 88 detroitpistons 83 away
losangelesclippers 89 miamiheat 80 home
neworleanspelicans 89 torontoraptors 74 home
orlandomagic 87 newyorkknicks 85 away
philadelphiaSSers 99 bostonceltics 93 home
phoenixsuns 98 memphisgrizzlies 85 home
dallasmavericks 103 portlandtrailblazers 88 away
indianapacers 114 oklahomacitythunder 111 away
utahjazz 93 losangeleslakers 85 home
atlantahawks 98 milwaukeebucks 80 home
minnesotatimberwolves 114 goldenstatewarriors 98 away
bostonceltics 91 newyorkknicks 80 home
losangeleslakers 105 dallasmavericks 103 home
neworleanspelicans 98 houstonrockets 96 home
orlandomagic 88 washingtonwizards 78 home
phoenixsuns 102 indianapacers 96 home
portlandtrailblazers 88 miamiheat 69 home
sacramentokings 98 denvernuggets 77 home
sanantoniospurs 98 philadelphiaSSers 93 home
torontoraptors 103 chicagobulls 89 home
utahjazz 104 memphisgrizzlies 71 home
atlantahawks 94 detroitpistons 92 home
chicagobulls 112 clevelandcavaliers 104 home
denvernuggets 92 indianapacers 81 home
dallasmavericks 121 goldenstatewarriors 116 away
houstonrockets 97 philadelphiaSSers 72 home
losangelesclippers 104 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
neworleanspelicans 94 milwaukeebucks 88 away
brooklynnets 121 orlandomagic 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 100 miamiheat 71 home
washingtonwizards 100 newyorkknicks 97 home
losangeleslakers 110 utahjazz 101 home
memphisgrizzlies 102 phoenixsuns 94 home
sacramentokings 104 sanantoniospurs 80 away
portlandtrailblazers 104 torontoraptors 91 away
bostonceltics 114 orlandomagic 109 home
milwaukeebucks 140 clevelandcavaliers 133 away
minnesotatimberwolves 92 denvernuggets 84 away
brooklynnets 106 phoenixsuns 93 home
losangelesclippers 94 neworleanspelicans 90 away
chicagobulls 107 orlandomagic 87 home
dallasmavericks 122 losangelesclippers 95 home
goldenstatewarriors 106 losangeleslakers 102 home
houstonrockets 103 sacramentokings 96 home
memphisgrizzlies 107 miamiheat 96 away
newyorkknicks 97 oklahomacitythunder 80 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 washingtonwizards 79 away
phoenixsuns 103 bostonceltics 94 away
clevelandcavaliers 96 torontoraptors 83 home
detroitpistons 91 atlantahawks 80 home
memphisgrizzlies 96 denvernuggets 93 home
indianapacers 126 milwaukeebucks 119 away
brooklynnets 105 portlandtrailblazers 104 home
oklahomacitythunder 92 philadelphiaSSers 88 away
sanantoniospurs 111 dallasmavericks 104 home
detroitpistons 86 chicagobulls 76 away
minnesotatimberwolves 113 atlantahawks 95 home
neworleanspelicans 93 utahjazz 88 away
bostonceltics 115 clevelandcavaliers 100 home
indianapacers 94 denvernuggets 72 home
neworleanspelicans 98 losangeleslakers 82 away
memphisgrizzlies 114 houstonrockets 109 home
newyorkknicks 97 miamiheat 92 away
milwaukeebucks 101 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
brooklynnets 79 washingtonwizards 65 home
orlandomagic 111 goldenstatewarriors 85 home
phoenixsuns 99 philadelphiaSSers 91 away
sanantoniospurs 97 losangelesclippers 84 home
oklahomacitythunder 91 torontoraptors 79 away
phoenixsuns 102 atlantahawks 88 away
chicagobulls 97 milwaukeebucks 95 home
clevelandcavaliers 111 denvernuggets 104 home
dallasmavericks 104 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
detroitpistons 91 oklahomacitythunder 78 home
losangelesclippers 94 houstonrockets 83 away
miamiheat 101 goldenstatewarriors 92 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 minnesotatimberwolves 92 away
bostonceltics 113 newyorkknicks 90 away
sacramentokings 98 utahjazz 96 away
detroitpistons 101 brooklynnets 91 home
indianapacers 107 philadelphiaSSers 97 home
losangeleslakers 107 orlandomagic 84 home
sacramentokings 107 neworleanspelicans 92 home
washingtonwizards 95 torontoraptors 82 away
chicagobulls 94 bostonceltics 83 home
oklahomacitythunder 111 clevelandcavaliers 98 away
losangelesclippers 91 sanantoniospurs 79 home
memphisgrizzlies 104 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
houstonrockets 105 miamiheat 100 away
philadelphiaSSers 93 denvernuggets 71 home
phoenixsuns 87 orlandomagic 84 home
washingtonwizards 109 atlantahawks 99 away
dallasmavericks 118 indianapacers 97 home
torontoraptors 122 milwaukeebucks 117 away
minnesotatimberwolves 96 losangeleslakers 80 home
newyorkknicks 101 brooklynnets 99 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 neworleanspelicans 93 home
sacramentokings 95 phoenixsuns 86 home
miamiheat 91 bostonceltics 81 away
chicagobulls 96 torontoraptors 83 home
detroitpistons 111 clevelandcavaliers 106 away
dallasmavericks 80 denvernuggets 75 away
goldenstatewarriors 111 neworleanspelicans 106 home
houstonrockets 95 indianapacers 83 home
portlandtrailblazers 97 losangelesclippers 93 away
philadelphiaSSers 99 minnesotatimberwolves 94 home
sanantoniospurs 91 oklahomacitythunder 88 away
orlandomagic 97 utahjazz 90 away
washingtonwizards 118 memphisgrizzlies 100 home
brooklynnets 98 losangeleslakers 71 home
sanantoniospurs 83 sacramentokings 81 away
bostonceltics 108 minnesotatimberwolves 99 home
utahjazz 93 dallasmavericks 81 away
orlandomagic 89 denvernuggets 80 away
detroitpistons 109 clevelandcavaliers 107 home
portlandtrailblazers 113 goldenstatewarriors 111 away
houstonrockets 101 atlantahawks 82 home
indianapacers 101 chicagobulls 86 home
phoenixsuns 87 losangelesclippers 76 away
memphisgrizzlies 95 milwaukeebucks 84 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 losangeleslakers 104 home
neworleanspelicans 88 oklahomacitythunder 86 away
miamiheat 97 torontoraptors 77 away
atlantahawks 79 philadelphiaSSers 77 home
chicagobulls 110 indianapacers 103 home
bostonceltics 89 clevelandcavaliers 82 away
losangelesclippers 92 denvernuggets 89 home
milwaukeebucks 94 newyorkknicks 90 home
minnesotatimberwolves 98 houstonrockets 86 home
brooklynnets 100 detroitpistons 92 home
phoenixsuns 110 sacramentokings 101 home
portlandtrailblazers 81 oklahomacitythunder 80 home
sanantoniospurs 92 washingtonwizards 81 home
utahjazz 103 memphisgrizzlies 74 away
miamiheat 92 newyorkknicks 84 away
sacramentokings 103 goldenstatewarriors 88 home
losangeleslakers 109 torontoraptors 107 away
clevelandcavaliers 74 miamiheat 72 home
dallasmavericks 92 washingtonwizards 86 home
utahjazz 96 houstonrockets 91 away
indianapacers 112 atlantahawks 97 home
brooklynnets 99 chicagobulls 83 home
milwaukeebucks 108 orlandomagic 103 away
phoenixsuns 89 oklahomacitythunder 88 home
sanantoniospurs 99 neworleanspelicans 94 home
sacramentokings 105 losangeleslakers 99 away
brooklynnets 117 bostonceltics 81 home
orlandomagic 104 detroitpistons 99 home
dallasmavericks 83 neworleanspelicans 81 away
oklahomacitythunder 97 torontoraptors 88 home
detroitpistons 87 washingtonwizards 82 away
atlantahawks 81 sanantoniospurs 79 home
minnesotatimberwolves 113 chicagobulls 100 away
indianapacers 113 clevelandcavaliers 89 away
goldenstatewarriors 101 torontoraptors 96 home
newyorkknicks 99 houstonrockets 83 away
memphisgrizzlies 99 orlandomagic 86 home
miamiheat 90 bostonceltics 70 home
brooklynnets 110 milwaukeebucks 90 home
phoenixsuns 108 losangelesclippers 95 home
portlandtrailblazers 103 utahjazz 98 home
sanantoniospurs 109 chicagobulls 95 away
dallasmavericks 107 newyorkknicks 82 home
losangeleslakers 112 denvernuggets 93 away
detroitpistons 106 minnesotatimberwolves 82 home
indianapacers 91 neworleanspelicans 84 home
goldenstatewarriors 99 losangelesclippers 92 away
brooklynnets 104 milwaukeebucks 96 away
orlandomagic 101 bostonceltics 95 home
portlandtrailblazers 119 sacramentokings 113 away
utahjazz 98 philadelphiaSSers 69 home
washingtonwizards 84 atlantahawks 76 home
phoenixsuns 103 clevelandcavaliers 84 away
houstonrockets 97 neworleanspelicans 85 home
losangeleslakers 104 torontoraptors 88 home
milwaukeebucks 110 dallasmavericks 107 away
oklahomacitythunder 79 denvernuggets 77 away
portlandtrailblazers 85 detroitpistons 74 away
goldenstatewarriors 104 philadelphiaSSers 98 home
miamiheat 93 atlantahawks 84 home
minnesotatimberwolves 104 phoenixsuns 98 home
brooklynnets 102 clevelandcavaliers 88 home
newyorkknicks 96 sanantoniospurs 95 home
orlandomagic 112 washingtonwizards 95 home
utahjazz 107 torontoraptors 85 home
bostonceltics 96 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
chicagobulls 102 portlandtrailblazers 87 home
houstonrockets 103 milwaukeebucks 80 home
philadelphiaSSers 83 losangelesclippers 75 away
indianapacers 89 neworleanspelicans 86 away
washingtonwizards 105 sanantoniospurs 103 home
miamiheat 107 atlantahawks 73 away
newyorkknicks 95 torontoraptors 75 home
washingtonwizards 107 chicagobulls 82 away
dallasmavericks 102 losangelesclippers 92 home
phoenixsuns 96 philadelphiaSSers 78 home
portlandtrailblazers 108 bostonceltics 103 away
memphisgrizzlies 116 losangelesclippers 111 home
brooklynnets 100 miamiheat 80 away
utahjazz 118 milwaukeebucks 115 away
neworleanspelicans 100 orlandomagic 89 home
newyorkknicks 98 indianapacers 96 home
sanantoniospurs 98 goldenstatewarriors 95 home
denvernuggets 94 oklahomacitythunder 82 away
clevelandcavaliers 81 torontoraptors 80 away
detroitpistons 90 atlantahawks 86 away
chicagobulls 85 clevelandcavaliers 79 home
dallasmavericks 102 philadelphiaSSers 83 home
sacramentokings 87 denvernuggets 76 away
goldenstatewarriors 86 houstonrockets 84 away
utahjazz 105 minnesotatimberwolves 97 away
brooklynnets 88 orlandomagic 83 away
phoenixsuns 107 losangeleslakers 93 home
washingtonwizards 107 indianapacers 104 home
sanantoniospurs 94 losangelesclippers 86 away
losangeleslakers 109 phoenixsuns 97 home
portlandtrailblazers 92 newyorkknicks 89 away
sacramentokings 96 miamiheat 70 home
neworleanspelicans 99 torontoraptors 84 away
brooklynnets 101 atlantahawks 94 away
washingtonwizards 100 bostonceltics 95 away
chicagobulls 113 utahjazz 98 home
milwaukeebucks 106 clevelandcavaliers 94 away
dallasmavericks 86 denvernuggets 71 home
detroitpistons 82 torontoraptors 74 home
goldenstatewarriors 99 miamiheat 85 home
memphisgrizzlies 106 neworleanspelicans 102 home
orlandomagic 103 newyorkknicks 100 home
indianapacers 105 philadelphiaSSers 104 away
houstonrockets 94 minnesotatimberwolves 86 home
losangeleslakers 119 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
sacramentokings 101 milwaukeebucks 76 away
phoenixsuns 88 portlandtrailblazers 81 away
dallasmavericks 117 atlantahawks 99 away
denvernuggets 86 miamiheat 76 home
indianapacers 89 newyorkknicks 87 home
losangelesclippers 103 memphisgrizzlies 95 home
minnesotatimberwolves 102 goldenstatewarriors 95 home
bostonceltics 93 neworleanspelicans 83 away
houstonrockets 91 orlandomagic 81 away
detroitpistons 103 philadelphiaSSers 94 away
sanantoniospurs 106 oklahomacitythunder 95 away
utahjazz 99 phoenixsuns 93 home
washingtonwizards 101 chicagobulls 98 home
sacramentokings 118 brooklynnets 82 away
portlandtrailblazers 90 sanantoniospurs 87 home
denvernuggets 82 portlandtrailblazers 81 home
losangeleslakers 115 clevelandcavaliers 99 home
milwaukeebucks 93 chicagobulls 85 home
minnesotatimberwolves 115 sacramentokings 109 home
detroitpistons 101 neworleanspelicans 99 away
indianapacers 101 orlandomagic 97 away
newyorkknicks 114 philadelphiaSSers 112 away
phoenixsuns 96 memphisgrizzlies 90 home
losangelesclippers 90 oklahomacitythunder 88 away
brooklynnets 94 torontoraptors 79 away
utahjazz 92 miamiheat 76 home
goldenstatewarriors 104 washingtonwizards 99 away
atlantahawks 84 houstonrockets 75 home
dallasmavericks 103 bostonceltics 78 home
atlantahawks 87 neworleanspelicans 80 home
milwaukeebucks 89 detroitpistons 87 away
houstonrockets 87 denvernuggets 85 home
indianapacers 116 goldenstatewarriors 104 home
washingtonwizards 89 newyorkknicks 84 away
dallasmavericks 96 losangelesclippers 90 away
losangeleslakers 106 miamiheat 81 home
orlandomagic 107 philadelphiaSSers 105 away
phoenixsuns 107 utahjazz 99 home
sacramentokings 106 memphisgrizzlies 98 home
sanantoniospurs 81 bostonceltics 80 home
clevelandcavaliers 87 oklahomacitythunder 79 away
torontoraptors 105 minnesotatimberwolves 91 home
chicagobulls 101 newyorkknicks 94 home
memphisgrizzlies 110 goldenstatewarriors 108 away
houstonrockets 101 bostonceltics 92 home
minnesotatimberwolves 89 denvernuggets 75 home
detroitpistons 101 orlandomagic 86 away
portlandtrailblazers 118 clevelandcavaliers 94 home
miamiheat 88 detroitpistons 85 home
milwaukeebucks 97 atlantahawks 88 home
newyorkknicks 98 chicagobulls 86 home
sanantoniospurs 108 phoenixsuns 100 home
torontoraptors 84 washingtonwizards 75 away
bostonceltics 86 atlantahawks 66 home
utahjazz 92 denvernuggets 81 away
goldenstatewarriors 108 clevelandcavaliers 80 home
houstonrockets 102 phoenixsuns 96 home
indianapacers 104 miamiheat 81 home
minnesotatimberwolves 95 losangelesclippers 64 away
losangeleslakers 90 neworleanspelicans 82 away
philadelphiaSSers 108 brooklynnets 107 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
sacramentokings 123 dallasmavericks 94 home
milwaukeebucks 99 torontoraptors 87 away
utahjazz 92 oklahomacitythunder 85 home
washingtonwizards 108 orlandomagic 93 home
bostonceltics 98 indianapacers 93 home
denvernuggets 97 clevelandcavaliers 80 home
detroitpistons 99 newyorkknicks 82 home
goldenstatewarriors 107 minnesotatimberwolves 98 home
houstonrockets 108 losangeleslakers 104 home
brooklynnets 88 torontoraptors 77 home
neworleanspelicans 90 chicagobulls 83 home
milwaukeebucks 99 philadelphiaSSers 95 away
phoenixsuns 111 dallasmavericks 106 home
sanantoniospurs 106 atlantahawks 93 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 memphisgrizzlies 97 home
newyorkknicks 95 atlantahawks 92 away
indianapacers 88 detroitpistons 86 home
losangelesclippers 112 sacramentokings 107 home
miamiheat 102 chicagobulls 101 home
bostonceltics 97 milwaukeebucks 95 away
minnesotatimberwolves 104 portlandtrailblazers 98 away
utahjazz 95 clevelandcavaliers 78 home
philadelphiaSSers 88 washingtonwizards 80 away
oklahomacitythunder 85 dallasmavericks 81 home
orlandomagic 101 torontoraptors 93 away
chicagobulls 115 atlantahawks 102 away
detroitpistons 88 indianapacers 78 home
sacramentokings 102 goldenstatewarriors 80 away
losangeleslakers 96 losangelesclippers 92 home
portlandtrailblazers 99 memphisgrizzlies 87 away
minnesotatimberwolves 89 torontoraptors 81 home
neworleanspelicans 114 phoenixsuns 102 home
newyorkknicks 72 miamiheat 65 home
bostonceltics 100 philadelphiaSSers 99 away
sanantoniospurs 87 houstonrockets 82 home
utahjazz 106 brooklynnets 103 home
washingtonwizards 89 denvernuggets 74 home
orlandomagic 103 clevelandcavaliers 94 away
dallasmavericks 107 houstonrockets 86 home
sacramentokings 109 brooklynnets 102 home
portlandtrailblazers 112 atlantahawks 110 away
milwaukeebucks 106 bostonceltics 97 away
philadelphiaSSers 92 detroitpistons 83 away
indianapacers 101 torontoraptors 98 home
goldenstatewarriors 114 losangeleslakers 110 away
miamiheat 92 phoenixsuns 85 home
minnesotatimberwolves 96 oklahomacitythunder 91 home
neworleanspelicans 103 washingtonwizards 94 home
newyorkknicks 97 denvernuggets 88 home
orlandomagic 94 chicagobulls 91 home
memphisgrizzlies 98 sanantoniospurs 93 away
losangelesclippers 96 utahjazz 89 away
goldenstatewarriors 105 brooklynnets 97 home
sacramentokings 104 memphisgrizzlies 98 away
dallasmavericks 107 philadelphiaSSers 94 away
atlantahawks 115 sacramentokings 104 home
bostonceltics 77 denvernuggets 58 home
chicagobulls 104 washingtonwizards 97 home
detroitpistons 98 houstonrockets 74 away
indianapacers 93 oklahomacitythunder 80 home
brooklynnets 89 losangeleslakers 83 away
minnesotatimberwolves 88 losangelesclippers 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 97 neworleanspelicans 96 away
dallasmavericks 101 newyorkknicks 90 away
phoenixsuns 110 orlandomagic 107 away
sanantoniospurs 91 utahjazz 90 away
atlantahawks 102 clevelandcavaliers 101 away
goldenstatewarriors 108 utahjazz 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 95 memphisgrizzlies 83 away
philadelphiaSSers 97 miamiheat 91 away
milwaukeebucks 88 denvernuggets 75 home
sanantoniospurs 108 detroitpistons 76 home
minnesotatimberwolves 97 washingtonwizards 89 away
bostonceltics 91 orlandomagic 83 home
chicagobulls 100 houstonrockets 98 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 dallasmavericks 93 away
indianapacers 108 losangelesclippers 101 home
newyorkknicks 106 phoenixsuns 98 home
torontoraptors 101 sacramentokings 97 home
clevelandcavaliers 104 losangelesclippers 100 home
brooklynnets 92 denvernuggets 66 away
houstonrockets 100 memphisgrizzlies 95 away
indianapacers 102 miamiheat 95 away
minnesotatimberwolves 106 sanantoniospurs 95 home
milwaukeebucks 108 neworleanspelicans 93 away
washingtonwizards 98 phoenixsuns 93 home
detroitpistons 86 bostonceltics 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 108 milwaukeebucks 81 away
newyorkknicks 103 atlantahawks 98 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 denvernuggets 92 home
utahjazz 102 sacramentokings 92 away
oklahomacitythunder 91 goldenstatewarriors 88 home
dallasmavericks 104 houstonrockets 81 away
sanantoniospurs 106 indianapacers 97 away
losangelesclippers 77 chicagobulls 75 home
miamiheat 82 newyorkknicks 80 home
brooklynnets 86 washingtonwizards 78 home
neworleanspelicans 104 torontoraptors 83 home
orlandomagic 113 clevelandcavaliers 108 home
atlantahawks 97 philadelphiaSSers 83 away
losangeleslakers 99 phoenixsuns 90 away
utahjazz 95 portlandtrailblazers 71 home
dallasmavericks 112 minnesotatimberwolves 109 home
milwaukeebucks 97 washingtonwizards 90 home
sacramentokings 95 oklahomacitythunder 77 away
atlantahawks 96 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
detroitpistons 118 bostonceltics 66 away
houstonrockets 121 minnesotatimberwolves 101 home
phoenixsuns 98 losangelesclippers 92 away
newyorkknicks 108 memphisgrizzlies 102 away
brooklynnets 89 neworleanspelicans 72 home
sanantoniospurs 109 orlandomagic 108 away
philadelphiaSSers 104 miamiheat 99 home
portlandtrailblazers 107 chicagobulls 94 home
losangeleslakers 124 sacramentokings 113 away
torontoraptors 102 indianapacers 90 home
utahjazz 102 goldenstatewarriors 94 home
dallasmavericks 122 denvernuggets 100 home
detroitpistons 106 brooklynnets 84 home
indianapacers 109 bostonceltics 100 home
losangeleslakers 99 utahjazz 87 home
sanantoniospurs 67 miamiheat 65 away
milwaukeebucks 107 newyorkknicks 100 home
phoenixsuns 116 goldenstatewarriors 107 home
oklahomacitythunder 90 chicagobulls 77 home
washingtonwizards 109 neworleanspelicans 104 home
atlantahawks 97 orlandomagic 89 home
portlandtrailblazers 114 clevelandcavaliers 95 away
denvernuggets 93 memphisgrizzlies 78 home
houstonrockets 105 sacramentokings 89 home
minnesotatimberwolves 99 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
torontoraptors 100 losangelesclippers 86 home
goldenstatewarriors 101 memphisgrizzlies 91 home
miamiheat 99 atlantahawks 79 home
brooklynnets 109 oklahomacitythunder 108 home
neworleanspelicans 103 bostonceltics 96 home
phoenixsuns 115 chicagobulls 111 home
dallasmavericks 92 utahjazz 90 away
sacramentokings 110 dallasmavericks 109 away
denvernuggets 102 chicagobulls 100 home
losangeleslakers 97 indianapacers 94 away
torontoraptors 98 milwaukeebucks 95 away
minnesotatimberwolves 103 houstonrockets 89 home
newyorkknicks 105 losangelesclippers 92 home
portlandtrailblazers 96 orlandomagic 89 away
washingtonwizards 93 clevelandcavaliers 84 home
bostonceltics 114 oklahomacitythunder 74 home
clevelandcavaliers 105 houstonrockets 102 home
detroitpistons 89 losangelesclippers 80 home
sanantoniospurs 103 goldenstatewarriors 99 away
portlandtrailblazers 101 miamiheat 87 away
neworleanspelicans 108 sacramentokings 84 home
brooklynnets 111 philadelphiaSSers 85 away
utahjazz 105 memphisgrizzlies 84 home
sanantoniospurs 83 denvernuggets 74 away
milwaukeebucks 97 oklahomacitythunder 91 home
losangeleslakers 114 newyorkknicks 109 away
goldenstatewarriors 116 atlantahawks 113 away
detroitpistons 89 chicagobulls 79 away
utahjazz 103 houstonrockets 101 away
indianapacers 107 clevelandcavaliers 96 home
losangeleslakers 121 denvernuggets 93 home
neworleanspelicans 78 miamiheat 69 away
minnesotatimberwolves 100 dallasmavericks 98 home
orlandomagic 92 brooklynnets 83 home
losangelesclippers 107 phoenixsuns 106 away
sanantoniospurs 116 portlandtrailblazers 111 away
sacramentokings 99 washingtonwizards 80 home
bostonceltics 82 oklahomacitythunder 76 away
minnesotatimberwolves 102 clevelandcavaliers 91 away
losangeleslakers 113 denvernuggets 102 away
washingtonwizards 108 losangelesclippers 104 away
memphisgrizzlies 97 brooklynnets 90 home
milwaukeebucks 120 dallasmavericks 114 home
indianapacers 83 neworleanspelicans 72 away
goldenstatewarriors 113 newyorkknicks 107 away
philadelphiaSSers 119 chicagobulls 111 home
torontoraptors 97 atlantahawks 96 home
houstonrockets 106 utahjazz 76 away
detroitpistons 98 orlandomagic 88 home
bostonceltics 100 portlandtrailblazers 92 away
miamiheat 94 houstonrockets 82 away
indianapacers 98 atlantahawks 97 home
sanantoniospurs 103 losangeleslakers 95 away
dallasmavericks 110 memphisgrizzlies 103 away
milwaukeebucks 96 detroitpistons 86 home
minnesotatimberwolves 114 neworleanspelicans 93 home
brooklynnets 90 chicagobulls 72 home
philadelphiaSSers 99 orlandomagic 98 home
newyorkknicks 116 phoenixsuns 115 away
sacramentokings 110 oklahomacitythunder 81 home
goldenstatewarriors 118 torontoraptors 114 away
utahjazz 109 washingtonwizards 77 home
chicagobulls 88 denvernuggets 69 home
dallasmavericks 98 miamiheat 92 home
bostonceltics 92 losangelesclippers 84 away
portlandtrailblazers 101 oklahomacitythunder 96 home
atlantahawks 99 indianapacers 86 home
detroitpistons 90 clevelandcavaliers 75 away
newyorkknicks 117 losangeleslakers 110 away
memphisgrizzlies 101 milwaukeebucks 95 away
minnesotatimberwolves 109 goldenstatewarriors 102 home
philadelphiaSSers 90 brooklynnets 83 away
neworleanspelicans 100 denvernuggets 92 home
phoenixsuns 102 bostonceltics 92 home
sanantoniospurs 104 sacramentokings 101 away
torontoraptors 99 orlandomagic 97 home
detroitpistons 93 miamiheat 62 home
portlandtrailblazers 99 newyorkknicks 91 home
utahjazz 109 minnesotatimberwolves 97 home
dallasmavericks 105 atlantahawks 79 home
bostonceltics 125 goldenstatewarriors 117 away
losangeleslakers 106 houstonrockets 99 home
memphisgrizzlies 108 indianapacers 103 home
brooklynnets 84 miamiheat 79 home
orlandomagic 99 neworleanspelicans 94 home
sacramentokings 102 milwaukeebucks 93 home
sanantoniospurs 101 denvernuggets 76 home
chicagobulls 107 clevelandcavaliers 101 away
philadelphiaSSers 110 chicagobulls 82 away
minnesotatimberwolves 85 denvernuggets 77 away
losangelesclippers 110 milwaukeebucks 104 home
neworleanspelicans 87 washingtonwizards 75 home
houstonrockets 107 phoenixsuns 89 away
portlandtrailblazers 125 goldenstatewarriors 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 newyorkknicks 94 home
detroitpistons 89 torontoraptors 84 away
losangeleslakers 93 utahjazz 87 away
dallasmavericks 95 sanantoniospurs 87 home
brooklynnets 98 indianapacers 91 home
sacramentokings 105 bostonceltics 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 119 clevelandcavaliers 99 away
goldenstatewarriors 111 newyorkknicks 107 home
dallasmavericks 100 houstonrockets 85 away
losangeleslakers 92 portlandtrailblazers 84 home
minnesotatimberwolves 103 detroitpistons 96 home
neworleanspelicans 125 memphisgrizzlies 123 home
orlandomagic 110 chicagobulls 96 home
oklahomacitythunder 88 milwaukeebucks 58 home
torontoraptors 92 phoenixsuns 89 home
washingtonwizards 89 brooklynnets 86 home
neworleanspelicans 93 detroitpistons 91 away
houstonrockets 93 memphisgrizzlies 82 home
atlantahawks 89 losangelesclippers 87 away
miamiheat 100 chicagobulls 90 home
milwaukeebucks 93 portlandtrailblazers 90 away
sanantoniospurs 105 indianapacers 96 home
utahjazz 99 denvernuggets 89 home
goldenstatewarriors 115 atlantahawks 93 home
losangeleslakers 106 oklahomacitythunder 101 home
minnesotatimberwolves 99 phoenixsuns 97 home
orlandomagic 113 brooklynnets 105 away
philadelphiaSSers 116 clevelandcavaliers 103 home
sacramentokings 99 newyorkknicks 92 home
dallasmavericks 106 washingtonwizards 101 away
houstonrockets 101 bostonceltics 95 away
chicagobulls 90 phoenixsuns 87 home
goldenstatewarriors 94 denvernuggets 89 away
memphisgrizzlies 103 utahjazz 92 home
minnesotatimberwolves 117 milwaukeebucks 114 away
oklahomacitythunder 86 detroitpistons 79 home
clevelandcavaliers 93 brooklynnets 90 home
washingtonwizards 83 indianapacers 78 away
losangeleslakers 109 losangelesclippers 98 home
newyorkknicks 102 houstonrockets 95 home
orlandomagic 98 dallasmavericks 93 home
portlandtrailblazers 89 atlantahawks 86 home
sacramentokings 81 detroitpistons 75 home
sanantoniospurs 84 miamiheat 69 home
bostonceltics 71 indianapacers 69 home
chicagobulls 103 torontoraptors 95 home
portlandtrailblazers 94 denvernuggets 84 away
goldenstatewarriors 108 losangelesclippers 94 away
phoenixsuns 118 milwaukeebucks 112 away
minnesotatimberwolves 92 utahjazz 85 home
brooklynnets 105 newyorkknicks 76 home
neworleanspelicans 91 miamiheat 82 home
philadelphiaSSers 111 memphisgrizzlies 107 home
oklahomacitythunder 93 atlantahawks 76 home
sacramentokings 126 dallasmavericks 124 away
losangeleslakers 95 detroitpistons 85 home
washingtonwizards 100 houstonrockets 98 home
bostonceltics 90 torontoraptors 85 home
atlantahawks 110 chicagobulls 88 away
neworleanspelicans 94 denvernuggets 88 away
indianapacers 107 milwaukeebucks 98 home
memphisgrizzlies 126 miamiheat 116 home
minnesotatimberwolves 118 clevelandcavaliers 95 home
newyorkknicks 118 orlandomagic 110 home
philadelphiaSSers 104 utahjazz 83 home
portlandtrailblazers 109 losangelesclippers 103 home
oklahomacitythunder 107 losangeleslakers 90 home
dallasmavericks 114 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
goldenstatewarriors 92 detroitpistons 90 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 losangelesclippers 101 away
neworleanspelicans 97 phoenixsuns 92 away
sanantoniospurs 108 sacramentokings 100 home
washingtonwizards 101 chicagobulls 93 home
orlandomagic 102 clevelandcavaliers 76 away
philadelphiaSSers 100 denvernuggets 94 away
sanantoniospurs 97 houstonrockets 88 away
miamiheat 93 washingtonwizards 83 home
milwaukeebucks 120 atlantahawks 93 home
minnesotatimberwolves 99 newyorkknicks 90 home
utahjazz 91 brooklynnets 90 away
portlandtrailblazers 103 detroitpistons 86 home
torontoraptors 104 bostonceltics 92 home
orlandomagic 104 chicagobulls 89 away
neworleanspelicans 111 losangelesclippers 108 away
bostonceltics 111 memphisgrizzlies 110 away
sacramentokings 107 philadelphiaSSers 99 home
atlantahawks 92 denvernuggets 86 home
dallasmavericks 88 brooklynnets 79 home
detroitpistons 96 houstonrockets 83 home
goldenstatewarriors 107 indianapacers 100 home
milwaukeebucks 100 miamiheat 91 away
newyorkknicks 89 clevelandcavaliers 80 home
phoenixsuns 104 sanantoniospurs 97 away
oklahomacitythunder 92 minnesotatimberwolves 83 home
torontoraptors 89 washingtonwizards 86 away
bostonceltics 97 newyorkknicks 95 home
atlantahawks 111 clevelandcavaliers 105 away
losangeleslakers 97 indianapacers 95 home
memphisgrizzlies 96 denvernuggets 86 home
orlandomagic 111 milwaukeebucks 99 home
phoenixsuns 98 portlandtrailblazers 92 home
sacramentokings 96 minnesotatimberwolves 95 home
houstonrockets 97 torontoraptors 95 away
utahjazz 94 oklahomacitythunder 83 home
washingtonwizards 99 losangelesclippers 80 home
chicagobulls 119 goldenstatewarriors 105 home
philadelphiaSSers 88 portlandtrailblazers 60 away
sanantoniospurs 92 brooklynnets 78 home
bostonceltics 83 losangelesclippers 72 home
losangeleslakers 106 minnesotatimberwolves 96 home
dallasmavericks 91 miamiheat 89 away
neworleanspelicans 102 clevelandcavaliers 76 home
newyorkknicks 111 orlandomagic 102 away
philadelphiaSSers 108 oklahomacitythunder 99 away
sacramentokings 108 utahjazz 105 away
milwaukeebucks 85 washingtonwizards 82 away
torontoraptors 107 atlantahawks 98 away
losangelesclippers 103 chicagobulls 97 away
memphisgrizzlies 115 clevelandcavaliers 89 away
dallasmavericks 101 utahjazz 77 home
houstonrockets 83 brooklynnets 71 home
denvernuggets 98 miamiheat 92 away
milwaukeebucks 138 goldenstatewarriors 133 home
portlandtrailblazers 94 indianapacers 80 home
sanantoniospurs 94 bostonceltics 78 away
detroitpistons 107 goldenstatewarriors 105 home
losangeleslakers 106 philadelphiaSSers 92 home
brooklynnets 102 neworleanspelicans 92 away
newyorkknicks 97 washingtonwizards 96 home
orlandomagic 111 denvernuggets 98 home
minnesotatimberwolves 105 phoenixsuns 98 away
sacramentokings 107 indianapacers 88 home
memphisgrizzlies 119 torontoraptors 106 away
atlantahawks 95 losangelesclippers 86 home
minnesotatimberwolves 92 dallasmavericks 83 away
utahjazz 83 miamiheat 73 away
chicagobulls 116 losangeleslakers 99 home
miamiheat 77 clevelandcavaliers 75 away
denvernuggets 95 torontoraptors 87 home
goldenstatewarriors 113 phoenixsuns 98 home
neworleanspelicans 81 indianapacers 71 away
sanantoniospurs 105 milwaukeebucks 102 away
memphisgrizzlies 87 newyorkknicks 85 away
portlandtrailblazers 92 oklahomacitythunder 77 away
washingtonwizards 106 orlandomagic 105 home
atlantahawks 111 milwaukeebucks 92 home
bostonceltics 93 neworleanspelicans 65 home
detroitpistons 111 losangeleslakers 88 home
houstonrockets 118 losangelesclippers 114 home
memphisgrizzlies 124 chicagobulls 95 home
sanantoniospurs 111 minnesotatimberwolves 99 away
utahjazz 111 orlandomagic 108 away
philadelphiaSSers 96 indianapacers 93 home
portlandtrailblazers 125 torontoraptors 103 home
brooklynnets 90 bostonceltics 75 home
phoenixsuns 109 sacramentokings 84 home
oklahomacitythunder 107 dallasmavericks 100 home
atlantahawks 107 newyorkknicks 104 home
detroitpistons 90 washingtonwizards 80 home
dallasmavericks 116 goldenstatewarriors 114 away
houstonrockets 121 chicagobulls 91 home
indianapacers 101 utahjazz 81 home
neworleanspelicans 87 miamiheat 83 away
losangeleslakers 106 minnesotatimberwolves 99 away
philadelphiaSSers 90 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
sacramentokings 119 torontoraptors 84 home
sanantoniospurs 107 losangelesclippers 96 home
bostonceltics 81 detroitpistons 71 away
losangeleslakers 98 milwaukeebucks 94 away
orlandomagic 96 neworleanspelicans 86 home
goldenstatewarriors 94 oklahomacitythunder 88 away
washingtonwizards 89 miamiheat 82 home
clevelandcavaliers 122 utahjazz 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 92 denvernuggets 84 away
houstonrockets 85 phoenixsuns 75 home
losangelesclippers 111 torontoraptors 110 home
memphisgrizzlies 124 atlantahawks 92 home
minnesotatimberwolves 111 portlandtrailblazers 95 home
philadelphiaSSers 92 brooklynnets 87 away
newyorkknicks 120 milwaukeebucks 111 home
dallasmavericks 129 sacramentokings 123 away
sanantoniospurs 108 chicagobulls 97 home
portlandtrailblazers 95 indianapacers 88 away
losangeleslakers 102 losangelesclippers 85 home
phoenixsuns 95 torontoraptors 91 home
brooklynnets 87 bostonceltics 74 away
chicagobulls 103 atlantahawks 78 home
dallasmavericks 114 clevelandcavaliers 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 103 miamiheat 83 away
minnesotatimberwolves 96 memphisgrizzlies 80 home
sacramentokings 117 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
newyorkknicks 105 sanantoniospurs 97 away
oklahomacitythunder 100 houstonrockets 94 home
utahjazz 99 denvernuggets 81 home
detroitpistons 94 washingtonwizards 90 away
goldenstatewarriors 105 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
indianapacers 102 bostonceltics 72 home
losangelesclippers 91 denvernuggets 78 home
memphisgrizzlies 128 clevelandcavaliers 101 home
milwaukeebucks 104 brooklynnets 85 away
neworleanspelicans 101 newyorkknicks 96 home
orlandomagic 109 miamiheat 93 home
utahjazz 99 phoenixsuns 86 away
portlandtrailblazers 94 houstonrockets 83 home
torontoraptors 87 atlantahawks 86 home
sanantoniospurs 112 dallasmavericks 110 away
detroitpistons 113 philadelphiaSSers 85 home
sacramentokings 107 losangeleslakers 99 home
houstonrockets 117 goldenstatewarriors 107 away
indianapacers 101 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
losangeleslakers 104 bostonceltics 96 home
miamiheat 107 torontoraptors 98 home
neworleanspelicans 113 milwaukeebucks 98 home
newyorkknicks 97 detroitpistons 93 home
orlandomagic 109 clevelandcavaliers 85 home
atlantahawks 114 philadelphiaSSers 105 away
phoenixsuns 109 washingtonwizards 83 home
minnesotatimberwolves 101 sanantoniospurs 94 away
oklahomacitythunder 101 denvernuggets 99 home
atlantahawks 92 indianapacers 89 home
chicagobulls 100 newyorkknicks 98 home
dallasmavericks 102 phoenixsuns 95 home
denvernuggets 90 bostonceltics 80 home
milwaukeebucks 93 neworleanspelicans 85 home
brooklynnets 107 memphisgrizzlies 99 home
sacramentokings 113 portlandtrailblazers 104 away
utahjazz 88 losangelesclippers 73 home
clevelandcavaliers 93 brooklynnets 88 home
detroitpistons 105 chicagobulls 82 home
goldenstatewarriors 113 washingtonwizards 107 home
orlandomagic 96 miamiheat 74 away
sacramentokings 109 houstonrockets 108 home
sanantoniospurs 98 losangeleslakers 89 home
philadelphiaSSers 112 torontoraptors 95 away
dallasmavericks 108 denvernuggets 96 away
houstonrockets 108 losangelesclippers 90 away
newyorkknicks 100 torontoraptors 90 home
memphisgrizzlies 110 orlandomagic 104 away
oklahomacitythunder 82 phoenixsuns 73 away
utahjazz 96 bostonceltics 91 home
minnesotatimberwolves 108 miamiheat 91 home
washingtonwizards 95 portlandtrailblazers 91 away
sanantoniospurs 107 milwaukeebucks 94 home
losangeleslakers 108 atlantahawks 91 away
clevelandcavaliers 124 goldenstatewarriors 103 home
goldenstatewarriors 107 bostonceltics 95 away
chicagobulls 82 miamiheat 74 home
denvernuggets 108 milwaukeebucks 103 home
detroitpistons 102 atlantahawks 99 home
losangeleslakers 96 houstonrockets 93 away
philadelphiaSSers 91 indianapacers 85 away
dallasmavericks 114 losangelesclippers 107 away
phoenixsuns 101 memphisgrizzlies 99 away
brooklynnets 101 newyorkknicks 95 home
orlandomagic 97 neworleanspelicans 95 away
washingtonwizards 80 oklahomacitythunder 74 away
torontoraptors 89 clevelandcavaliers 83 home
utahjazz 94 portlandtrailblazers 85 home
orlandomagic 110 minnesotatimberwolves 107 home
sacramentokings 93 losangelesclippers 83 home
sanantoniospurs 98 houstonrockets 85 home
bostonceltics 104 clevelandcavaliers 95 home
phoenixsuns 94 detroitpistons 91 away
indianapacers 140 chicagobulls 89 home
losangeleslakers 108 washingtonwizards 94 home
miamiheat 111 minnesotatimberwolves 84 home
brooklynnets 122 newyorkknicks 101 away
goldenstatewarriors 102 philadelphiaSSers 98 away
portlandtrailblazers 112 dallasmavericks 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 95 memphisgrizzlies 71 home
neworleanspelicans 101 torontoraptors 92 away
utahjazz 103 milwaukeebucks 90 home
philadelphiaSSers 110 atlantahawks 89 away
sacramentokings 107 chicagobulls 92 away
bostonceltics 110 clevelandcavaliers 106 away
houstonrockets 102 denvernuggets 89 home
brooklynnets 109 goldenstatewarriors 97 home
sanantoniospurs 101 utahjazz 81 home
denvernuggets 88 washingtonwizards 72 home
detroitpistons 99 sacramentokings 88 home
indianapacers 92 phoenixsuns 81 home
losangelesclippers 102 memphisgrizzlies 100 home
milwaukeebucks 109 miamiheat 87 home
dallasmavericks 119 minnesotatimberwolves 95 away
sanantoniospurs 92 neworleanspelicans 90 away
oklahomacitythunder 119 losangeleslakers 98 home
torontoraptors 95 newyorkknicks 86 home
losangeleslakers 110 memphisgrizzlies 94 home
milwaukeebucks 91 miamiheat 86 away
brooklynnets 110 houstonrockets 86 home
philadelphiaSSers 118 orlandomagic 113 away
oklahomacitythunder 101 chicagobulls 94 away
dallasmavericks 95 neworleanspelicans 86 home
sacramentokings 103 indianapacers 98 away
utahjazz 94 losangelesclippers 89 away
phoenixsuns 95 denvernuggets 65 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 goldenstatewarriors 86 home
sanantoniospurs 118 orlandomagic 105 home
detroitpistons 92 torontoraptors 85 away
bostonceltics 90 miamiheat 62 home
indianapacers 103 clevelandcavaliers 82 away
newyorkknicks 83 denvernuggets 75 away
torontoraptors 89 detroitpistons 78 away
sanantoniospurs 105 memphisgrizzlies 87 away
milwaukeebucks 106 houstonrockets 99 home
minnesotatimberwolves 91 oklahomacitythunder 86 home
neworleanspelicans 106 brooklynnets 97 home
philadelphiaSSers 108 chicagobulls 101 home
sacramentokings 105 washingtonwizards 99 away
atlantahawks 91 washingtonwizards 89 home
losangeleslakers 100 dallasmavericks 89 away
utahjazz 93 portlandtrailblazers 88 away
sacramentokings 93 bostonceltics 92 away
indianapacers 98 detroitpistons 92 away
portlandtrailblazers 122 goldenstatewarriors 100 away
losangeleslakers 102 memphisgrizzlies 101 away
milwaukeebucks 95 clevelandcavaliers 93 home
brooklynnets 99 miamiheat 83 home
houstonrockets 88 philadelphiaSSers 79 away
oklahomacitythunder 101 losangelesclippers 93 home
sanantoniospurs 124 torontoraptors 98 away
newyorkknicks 94 utahjazz 92 away
atlantahawks 97 memphisgrizzlies 91 home
chicagobulls 117 milwaukeebucks 115 home
clevelandcavaliers 79 neworleanspelicans 76 home
dallasmavericks 108 orlandomagic 90 home
losangelesclippers 109 newyorkknicks 98 home
phoenixsuns 111 minnesotatimberwolves 94 home
washingtonwizards 99 bostonceltics 98 away
sanantoniospurs 89 detroitpistons 83 away
goldenstatewarriors 106 denvernuggets 99 home
houstonrockets 114 orlandomagic 93 home
indianapacers 90 miamiheat 69 home
losangeleslakers 115 phoenixsuns 113 home
sacramentokings 97 philadelphiaSSers 81 away
minnesotatimberwolves 97 portlandtrailblazers 78 away
oklahomacitythunder 82 utahjazz 80 home
brooklynnets 96 torontoraptors 87 away
chicagobulls 115 indianapacers 103 home
washingtonwizards 100 clevelandcavaliers 91 away
phoenixsuns 98 denvernuggets 78 away
goldenstatewarriors 128 utahjazz 102 home
portlandtrailblazers 81 houstonrockets 66 away
losangeleslakers 108 dallasmavericks 99 home
memphisgrizzlies 111 losangelesclippers 108 home
miamiheat 89 torontoraptors 83 home
newyorkknicks 99 atlantahawks 95 home
philadelphiaSSers 91 detroitpistons 74 home
sacramentokings 107 oklahomacitythunder 85 home
atlantahawks 97 brooklynnets 92 home
detroitpistons 111 chicagobulls 102 home
milwaukeebucks 112 losangelesclippers 92 home
neworleanspelicans 100 clevelandcavaliers 81 home
orlandomagic 88 torontoraptors 82 home
phoenixsuns 112 dallasmavericks 89 home
sanantoniospurs 84 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
oklahomacitythunder 100 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
utahjazz 94 houstonrockets 73 home
bostonceltics 87 washingtonwizards 83 away
philadelphiaSSers 99 bostonceltics 78 away
losangeleslakers 117 sacramentokings 104 home
atlantahawks 109 clevelandcavaliers 89 home
chicagobulls 95 brooklynnets 86 home
orlandomagic 98 indianapacers 86 away
memphisgrizzlies 96 portlandtrailblazers 93 home
washingtonwizards 91 miamiheat 87 away
minnesotatimberwolves 106 losangelesclippers 90 home
neworleanspelicans 93 detroitpistons 89 home
newyorkknicks 108 philadelphiaSSers 103 home
phoenixsuns 117 goldenstatewarriors 101 home
sacramentokings 105 denvernuggets 103 home
sanantoniospurs 94 oklahomacitythunder 86 home
milwaukeebucks 105 torontoraptors 103 away
utahjazz 95 dallasmavericks 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 104 newyorkknicks 99 home
dallasmavericks 117 goldenstatewarriors 108 home
losangelesclippers 101 denvernuggets 79 away
houstonrockets 101 oklahomacitythunder 86 home
brooklynnets 94 torontoraptors 86 home
orlandomagic 89 bostonceltics 86 home
atlantahawks 101 washingtonwizards 100 away
detroitpistons 110 memphisgrizzlies 107 away
bostonceltics 94 miamiheat 86 away
milwaukeebucks 107 indianapacers 98 home
minnesotatimberwolves 119 chicagobulls 95 home
neworleanspelicans 94 philadelphiaSSers 89 away
phoenixsuns 92 sanantoniospurs 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 101 losangeleslakers 99 home
atlantahawks 100 orlandomagic 84 home
dallasmavericks 109 oklahomacitythunder 106 home
detroitpistons 89 clevelandcavaliers 88 home
losangelesclippers 122 goldenstatewarriors 113 away
neworleanspelicans 87 brooklynnets 74 away
sanantoniospurs 91 utahjazz 83 away
newyorkknicks 93 washingtonwizards 79 away
chicagobulls 115 philadelphiaSSers 106 home
houstonrockets 97 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
losangeleslakers 126 denvernuggets 104 home
indianapacers 109 newyorkknicks 93 away
portlandtrailblazers 120 phoenixsuns 102 home
miamiheat 103 torontoraptors 99 away
bostonceltics 99 detroitpistons 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 96 torontoraptors 86 home
houstonrockets 89 denvernuggets 84 away
losangeleslakers 117 goldenstatewarriors 111 away
indianapacers 90 brooklynnets 83 home
losangelesclippers 107 portlandtrailblazers 93 home
minnesotatimberwolves 95 memphisgrizzlies 87 away
milwaukeebucks 93 orlandomagic 87 home
neworleanspelicans 92 atlantahawks 77 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 washingtonwizards 87 home
sacramentokings 95 utahjazz 84 home
dallasmavericks 93 sanantoniospurs 72 away
oklahomacitythunder 84 phoenixsuns 70 home
playoffs
dallasmavericks 96 portlandtrailblazers 86 home
bostonceltics 103 indianapacers 100 away
brooklynnets 109 milwaukeebucks 96 home
sacramentokings 96 utahjazz 90 home
phoenixsuns 96 sanantoniospurs 95 away
orlandomagic 99 detroitpistons 94 away
losangeleslakers 117 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
philadelphiaSSers 98 neworleanspelicans 90 home
indianapacers 89 bostonceltics 77 home
sacramentokings 108 utahjazz 95 home
sanantoniospurs 84 phoenixsuns 76 home
minnesotatimberwolves 119 losangeleslakers 91 home
milwaukeebucks 88 brooklynnets 85 away
dallasmavericks 103 portlandtrailblazers 99 home
detroitpistons 89 orlandomagic 77 home
philadelphiaSSers 90 neworleanspelicans 85 home
bostonceltics 101 indianapacers 83 home
minnesotatimberwolves 114 losangeleslakers 110 away
brooklynnets 103 milwaukeebucks 101 away
orlandomagic 89 detroitpistons 80 home
sanantoniospurs 99 phoenixsuns 86 away
dallasmavericks 115 portlandtrailblazers 103 away
milwaukeebucks 119 brooklynnets 114 home
neworleanspelicans 99 philadelphiaSSers 85 home
utahjazz 107 sacramentokings 104 home
bostonceltics 102 indianapacers 92 home
losangeleslakers 102 minnesotatimberwolves 97 home
orlandomagic 100 detroitpistons 92 home
phoenixsuns 86 sanantoniospurs 84 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 dallasmavericks 79 home
philadelphiaSSers 96 neworleanspelicans 87 away
sacramentokings 99 utahjazz 82 away
indianapacers 93 bostonceltics 88 home
losangeleslakers 120 minnesotatimberwolves 90 away
brooklynnets 89 milwaukeebucks 82 home
sanantoniospurs 94 phoenixsuns 82 home
portlandtrailblazers 103 dallasmavericks 99 away
detroitpistons 98 orlandomagic 67 home
neworleanspelicans 93 philadelphiaSSers 91 away
sacramentokings 111 utahjazz 91 home
bostonceltics 110 indianapacers 90 home
losangeleslakers 101 minnesotatimberwolves 85 home
brooklynnets 113 milwaukeebucks 101 away
sanantoniospurs 87 phoenixsuns 85 away
philadelphiaSSers 107 neworleanspelicans 103 away
detroitpistons 103 orlandomagic 88 away
portlandtrailblazers 125 dallasmavericks 103 home
dallasmavericks 107 portlandtrailblazers 95 home
detroitpistons 108 orlandomagic 93 home
brooklynnets 97 bostonceltics 93 home
sanantoniospurs 87 losangeleslakers 82 home
sacramentokings 124 dallasmavericks 113 away
detroitpistons 98 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
brooklynnets 104 bostonceltics 95 home
sanantoniospurs 114 losangeleslakers 95 home
dallasmavericks 132 sacramentokings 110 home
detroitpistons 104 philadelphiaSSers 97 home
brooklynnets 94 bostonceltics 76 away
losangeleslakers 110 sanantoniospurs 95 home
philadelphiaSSers 93 detroitpistons 83 home
dallasmavericks 141 sacramentokings 137 away
losangeleslakers 99 sanantoniospurs 95 home
philadelphiaSSers 95 detroitpistons 82 home
sacramentokings 99 dallasmavericks 83 home
brooklynnets 110 bostonceltics 101 away
dallasmavericks 112 sacramentokings 93 home
sanantoniospurs 96 losangeleslakers 94 home
detroitpistons 78 philadelphiaSSers 77 home
sanantoniospurs 110 losangeleslakers 82 away
sacramentokings 115 dallasmavericks 109 home
detroitpistons 93 philadelphiaSSers 89 away
dallasmavericks 112 sacramentokings 99 home
brooklynnets 76 detroitpistons 74 away
dallasmavericks 113 sanantoniospurs 110 away
brooklynnets 88 detroitpistons 86 away
sanantoniospurs 119 dallasmavericks 106 home
brooklynnets 97 detroitpistons 85 home
sanantoniospurs 96 dallasmavericks 83 away
brooklynnets 102 detroitpistons 82 home
sanantoniospurs 102 dallasmavericks 95 away
dallasmavericks 103 sanantoniospurs 91 away
sanantoniospurs 90 dallasmavericks 78 away
sanantoniospurs 101 brooklynnets 89 home
brooklynnets 87 sanantoniospurs 85 away
sanantoniospurs 84 brooklynnets 79 away
brooklynnets 77 sanantoniospurs 76 home
sanantoniospurs 93 brooklynnets 83 away
sanantoniospurs 88 brooklynnets 77 home
