losangeleslakers 109 dallasmavericks 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 89 miamiheat 74 home
sanantoniospurs 83 phoenixsuns 82 home
bostonceltics 98 miamiheat 75 home
washingtonwizards 99 chicagobulls 74 away
denvernuggets 80 sanantoniospurs 72 home
indianapacers 89 detroitpistons 87 away
dallasmavericks 95 goldenstatewarriors 87 away
minnesotatimberwolves 95 milwaukeebucks 89 home
neworleanspelicans 88 atlantahawks 83 home
orlandomagic 85 newyorkknicks 83 away
sacramentokings 106 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
torontoraptors 90 brooklynnets 87 home
utahjazz 99 portlandtrailblazers 92 home
houstonrockets 102 denvernuggets 85 home
neworleanspelicans 100 orlandomagic 98 away
phoenixsuns 95 clevelandcavaliers 86 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 losangelesclippers 100 home
chicagobulls 100 atlantahawks 94 home
milwaukeebucks 93 indianapacers 79 away
oklahomacitythunder 124 losangelesclippers 105 away
bostonceltics 93 memphisgrizzlies 91 away
detroitpistons 93 miamiheat 81 away
brooklynnets 84 minnesotatimberwolves 61 home
sacramentokings 100 philadelphiaSSers 89 home
torontoraptors 82 washingtonwizards 79 home
indianapacers 103 atlantahawks 99 away
dallasmavericks 127 utahjazz 102 home
denvernuggets 109 sacramentokings 88 home
goldenstatewarriors 104 philadelphiaSSers 90 home
memphisgrizzlies 79 houstonrockets 71 away
milwaukeebucks 98 chicagobulls 68 home
minnesotatimberwolves 73 torontoraptors 56 home
neworleanspelicans 97 bostonceltics 90 home
detroitpistons 96 orlandomagic 85 away
losangeleslakers 103 phoenixsuns 99 away
portlandtrailblazers 104 clevelandcavaliers 85 home
sanantoniospurs 86 newyorkknicks 74 home
brooklynnets 98 washingtonwizards 85 away
losangeleslakers 87 goldenstatewarriors 72 home
atlantahawks 90 neworleanspelicans 80 home
houstonrockets 98 chicagobulls 66 away
dallasmavericks 103 miamiheat 93 home
memphisgrizzlies 88 sanantoniospurs 80 home
newyorkknicks 75 orlandomagic 68 away
philadelphiaSSers 94 portlandtrailblazers 83 away
utahjazz 93 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
indianapacers 71 denvernuggets 60 home
losangeleslakers 113 milwaukeebucks 107 away
houstonrockets 86 brooklynnets 75 away
sanantoniospurs 80 miamiheat 73 home
denvernuggets 93 clevelandcavaliers 89 away
detroitpistons 96 bostonceltics 88 home
goldenstatewarriors 99 atlantahawks 72 home
sacramentokings 125 minnesotatimberwolves 121 away
milwaukeebucks 106 newyorkknicks 90 away
chicagobulls 106 orlandomagic 100 away
neworleanspelicans 106 philadelphiaSSers 99 away
portlandtrailblazers 93 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
utahjazz 91 phoenixsuns 80 home
washingtonwizards 100 dallasmavericks 90 home
indianapacers 87 brooklynnets 81 away
losangeleslakers 120 sanantoniospurs 117 away
torontoraptors 77 dallasmavericks 71 home
brooklynnets 94 bostonceltics 87 away
philadelphiaSSers 106 chicagobulls 85 away
losangelesclippers 104 denvernuggets 102 away
detroitpistons 105 milwaukeebucks 99 home
goldenstatewarriors 95 utahjazz 89 home
indianapacers 91 clevelandcavaliers 90 home
neworleanspelicans 114 losangeleslakers 95 home
newyorkknicks 114 sacramentokings 111 home
minnesotatimberwolves 100 orlandomagic 71 away
phoenixsuns 96 memphisgrizzlies 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 100 portlandtrailblazers 82 home
washingtonwizards 86 torontoraptors 60 home
clevelandcavaliers 111 washingtonwizards 98 home
houstonrockets 96 orlandomagic 86 home
minnesotatimberwolves 88 miamiheat 79 away
milwaukeebucks 90 newyorkknicks 87 home
chicagobulls 109 neworleanspelicans 106 away
portlandtrailblazers 90 atlantahawks 83 home
dallasmavericks 81 sanantoniospurs 78 away
utahjazz 96 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
bostonceltics 91 sacramentokings 82 home
detroitpistons 98 brooklynnets 84 home
indianapacers 85 philadelphiaSSers 74 away
atlantahawks 91 oklahomacitythunder 81 away
torontoraptors 89 denvernuggets 76 home
denvernuggets 105 chicagobulls 97 away
clevelandcavaliers 94 newyorkknicks 80 home
phoenixsuns 99 goldenstatewarriors 96 away
memphisgrizzlies 105 losangeleslakers 95 home
sanantoniospurs 87 utahjazz 78 home
dallasmavericks 125 neworleanspelicans 97 home
houstonrockets 90 miamiheat 70 home
bostonceltics 78 indianapacers 76 away
losangelesclippers 115 atlantahawks 103 home
oklahomacitythunder 89 minnesotatimberwolves 87 away
portlandtrailblazers 83 torontoraptors 80 home
sacramentokings 97 detroitpistons 91 home
philadelphiaSSers 112 washingtonwizards 105 away
chicagobulls 89 bostonceltics 82 away
goldenstatewarriors 87 detroitpistons 85 home
losangeleslakers 94 torontoraptors 79 home
miamiheat 88 clevelandcavaliers 83 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 milwaukeebucks 99 away
sanantoniospurs 85 brooklynnets 71 away
neworleanspelicans 96 utahjazz 89 home
memphisgrizzlies 107 orlandomagic 97 away
atlantahawks 99 phoenixsuns 94 away
minnesotatimberwolves 92 chicagobulls 89 away
dallasmavericks 97 houstonrockets 86 home
portlandtrailblazers 112 sacramentokings 110 home
bostonceltics 91 clevelandcavaliers 82 home
denvernuggets 106 orlandomagic 101 home
losangelesclippers 104 goldenstatewarriors 98 away
houstonrockets 90 phoenixsuns 85 home
indianapacers 101 oklahomacitythunder 78 home
losangeleslakers 94 detroitpistons 89 home
miamiheat 105 washingtonwizards 101 home
utahjazz 85 minnesotatimberwolves 77 away
brooklynnets 85 newyorkknicks 80 home
philadelphiaSSers 100 sanantoniospurs 96 home
sacramentokings 94 torontoraptors 64 home
brooklynnets 100 atlantahawks 85 away
oklahomacitythunder 98 chicagobulls 90 away
clevelandcavaliers 91 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
losangelesclippers 95 orlandomagic 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 108 dallasmavericks 101 home
milwaukeebucks 100 utahjazz 95 home
neworleanspelicans 101 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
indianapacers 95 newyorkknicks 94 away
detroitpistons 100 phoenixsuns 91 away
sanantoniospurs 95 washingtonwizards 71 away
losangeleslakers 99 miamiheat 77 home
sacramentokings 106 goldenstatewarriors 104 home
torontoraptors 101 houstonrockets 97 home
washingtonwizards 106 atlantahawks 97 away
dallasmavericks 105 portlandtrailblazers 98 home
newyorkknicks 89 bostonceltics 86 home
houstonrockets 74 philadelphiaSSers 66 away
utahjazz 90 orlandomagic 88 home
clevelandcavaliers 103 losangelesclippers 95 home
detroitpistons 106 losangeleslakers 96 home
atlantahawks 101 milwaukeebucks 93 away
minnesotatimberwolves 89 denvernuggets 76 home
neworleanspelicans 88 brooklynnets 85 away
phoenixsuns 95 chicagobulls 82 home
sanantoniospurs 94 goldenstatewarriors 81 home
miamiheat 105 oklahomacitythunder 98 away
neworleanspelicans 81 bostonceltics 73 away
denvernuggets 94 milwaukeebucks 86 home
houstonrockets 85 goldenstatewarriors 83 home
indianapacers 91 losangelesclippers 78 home
detroitpistons 99 memphisgrizzlies 92 away
losangeleslakers 104 newyorkknicks 83 away
portlandtrailblazers 94 miamiheat 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 81 torontoraptors 75 away
sacramentokings 118 utahjazz 110 away
washingtonwizards 106 clevelandcavaliers 95 home
dallasmavericks 95 sanantoniospurs 92 home
phoenixsuns 96 orlandomagic 89 home
minnesotatimberwolves 97 clevelandcavaliers 83 away
denvernuggets 108 washingtonwizards 87 home
detroitpistons 94 newyorkknicks 85 home
goldenstatewarriors 101 miamiheat 91 home
losangeleslakers 101 chicagobulls 94 home
indianapacers 76 neworleanspelicans 75 away
philadelphiaSSers 87 bostonceltics 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 85 houstonrockets 78 home
sacramentokings 122 orlandomagic 92 home
sanantoniospurs 114 atlantahawks 75 home
memphisgrizzlies 98 oklahomacitythunder 97 away
utahjazz 99 milwaukeebucks 90 home
atlantahawks 92 clevelandcavaliers 83 home
dallasmavericks 115 denvernuggets 101 home
minnesotatimberwolves 103 losangelesclippers 91 home
torontoraptors 81 brooklynnets 80 away
newyorkknicks 99 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
phoenixsuns 100 miamiheat 98 home
neworleanspelicans 81 detroitpistons 80 away
goldenstatewarriors 78 portlandtrailblazers 72 home
losangeleslakers 121 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
sacramentokings 110 chicagobulls 99 home
oklahomacitythunder 88 washingtonwizards 85 home
milwaukeebucks 82 torontoraptors 62 away
detroitpistons 94 atlantahawks 89 away
newyorkknicks 94 bostonceltics 88 away
houstonrockets 105 losangelesclippers 90 away
indianapacers 89 orlandomagic 78 away
dallasmavericks 124 chicagobulls 98 home
denvernuggets 110 phoenixsuns 80 home
indianapacers 98 minnesotatimberwolves 75 home
miamiheat 91 neworleanspelicans 87 home
milwaukeebucks 95 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
washingtonwizards 81 portlandtrailblazers 80 away
sacramentokings 109 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
brooklynnets 93 oklahomacitythunder 70 away
torontoraptors 99 atlantahawks 97 away
losangeleslakers 120 washingtonwizards 99 home
newyorkknicks 97 minnesotatimberwolves 92 away
neworleanspelicans 82 clevelandcavaliers 72 home
bostonceltics 94 orlandomagic 92 away
philadelphiaSSers 90 detroitpistons 86 home
phoenixsuns 121 dallasmavericks 90 home
sanantoniospurs 109 chicagobulls 98 home
utahjazz 83 houstonrockets 76 home
indianapacers 93 newyorkknicks 70 home
brooklynnets 102 losangelesclippers 96 away
atlantahawks 95 miamiheat 83 home
bostonceltics 106 milwaukeebucks 96 home
denvernuggets 113 dallasmavericks 103 home
detroitpistons 92 clevelandcavaliers 88 home
indianapacers 90 philadelphiaSSers 77 home
losangeleslakers 103 sanantoniospurs 87 home
minnesotatimberwolves 102 memphisgrizzlies 98 away
torontoraptors 87 orlandomagic 86 away
goldenstatewarriors 92 phoenixsuns 83 away
portlandtrailblazers 97 brooklynnets 93 home
sacramentokings 103 houstonrockets 74 home
utahjazz 98 oklahomacitythunder 81 home
memphisgrizzlies 122 clevelandcavaliers 115 away
dallasmavericks 92 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
goldenstatewarriors 91 sanantoniospurs 89 home
denvernuggets 98 losangelesclippers 86 away
miamiheat 78 torontoraptors 66 home
milwaukeebucks 100 bostonceltics 94 home
newyorkknicks 79 neworleanspelicans 74 home
philadelphiaSSers 98 atlantahawks 86 home
oklahomacitythunder 95 houstonrockets 88 home
detroitpistons 80 washingtonwizards 69 away
losangeleslakers 99 indianapacers 77 home
sacramentokings 105 brooklynnets 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 96 bostonceltics 89 away
chicagobulls 97 milwaukeebucks 87 home
losangelesclippers 91 sanantoniospurs 83 home
detroitpistons 79 newyorkknicks 78 away
indianapacers 89 phoenixsuns 82 away
utahjazz 91 brooklynnets 84 home
milwaukeebucks 106 atlantahawks 94 away
dallasmavericks 97 washingtonwizards 72 home
denvernuggets 115 clevelandcavaliers 103 home
neworleanspelicans 100 orlandomagic 91 away
torontoraptors 95 philadelphiaSSers 88 away
portlandtrailblazers 97 indianapacers 95 home
losangeleslakers 90 sanantoniospurs 86 away
oklahomacitythunder 95 newyorkknicks 87 home
torontoraptors 105 bostonceltics 95 home
detroitpistons 87 miamiheat 73 home
denvernuggets 117 goldenstatewarriors 109 away
houstonrockets 107 utahjazz 101 home
losangelesclippers 90 clevelandcavaliers 80 home
memphisgrizzlies 96 brooklynnets 93 away
neworleanspelicans 106 orlandomagic 91 home
minnesotatimberwolves 92 phoenixsuns 79 away
losangeleslakers 114 dallasmavericks 103 away
philadelphiaSSers 83 chicagobulls 82 home
phoenixsuns 110 bostonceltics 106 away
denvernuggets 98 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
memphisgrizzlies 92 washingtonwizards 77 home
philadelphiaSSers 93 miamiheat 90 away
brooklynnets 93 milwaukeebucks 86 home
houstonrockets 83 neworleanspelicans 74 away
sanantoniospurs 105 orlandomagic 94 away
portlandtrailblazers 88 newyorkknicks 81 home
minnesotatimberwolves 112 sacramentokings 109 away
indianapacers 101 oklahomacitythunder 94 away
torontoraptors 92 atlantahawks 87 home
utahjazz 86 losangelesclippers 67 home
neworleanspelicans 97 chicagobulls 91 away
clevelandcavaliers 95 atlantahawks 85 home
dallasmavericks 110 orlandomagic 97 home
goldenstatewarriors 104 newyorkknicks 92 home
houstonrockets 86 detroitpistons 80 home
sanantoniospurs 86 miamiheat 70 away
washingtonwizards 114 milwaukeebucks 109 away
brooklynnets 99 phoenixsuns 88 home
bostonceltics 116 denvernuggets 111 away
minnesotatimberwolves 96 losangelesclippers 94 away
losangeleslakers 94 utahjazz 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 93 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
sacramentokings 91 indianapacers 88 home
torontoraptors 108 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
sanantoniospurs 96 chicagobulls 82 away
neworleanspelicans 91 milwaukeebucks 85 home
orlandomagic 105 phoenixsuns 98 home
bostonceltics 102 utahjazz 80 away
atlantahawks 112 denvernuggets 98 home
torontoraptors 100 clevelandcavaliers 93 away
philadelphiaSSers 78 detroitpistons 76 away
houstonrockets 93 portlandtrailblazers 91 home
indianapacers 93 washingtonwizards 79 home
losangeleslakers 98 newyorkknicks 90 home
miamiheat 92 phoenixsuns 72 home
goldenstatewarriors 98 minnesotatimberwolves 95 away
brooklynnets 101 oklahomacitythunder 88 home
sacramentokings 105 losangelesclippers 95 home
bostonceltics 126 oklahomacitythunder 112 home
losangelesclippers 100 dallasmavericks 99 home
memphisgrizzlies 103 atlantahawks 90 home
milwaukeebucks 94 goldenstatewarriors 89 home
sanantoniospurs 102 portlandtrailblazers 77 home
utahjazz 95 newyorkknicks 73 home
orlandomagic 95 washingtonwizards 91 away
clevelandcavaliers 95 detroitpistons 86 home
sanantoniospurs 71 houstonrockets 67 away
neworleanspelicans 111 phoenixsuns 101 away
bostonceltics 114 torontoraptors 111 home
oklahomacitythunder 93 detroitpistons 72 away
neworleanspelicans 96 goldenstatewarriors 85 away
indianapacers 103 atlantahawks 92 home
dallasmavericks 110 losangeleslakers 93 away
miamiheat 91 memphisgrizzlies 88 home
milwaukeebucks 109 chicagobulls 95 home
brooklynnets 99 orlandomagic 95 away
denvernuggets 86 philadelphiaSSers 77 away
sacramentokings 100 utahjazz 93 away
minnesotatimberwolves 110 washingtonwizards 91 away
orlandomagic 105 atlantahawks 102 away
chicagobulls 86 indianapacers 75 home
bostonceltics 105 clevelandcavaliers 98 away
losangelesclippers 106 phoenixsuns 91 home
memphisgrizzlies 110 brooklynnets 63 home
newyorkknicks 95 denvernuggets 88 home
portlandtrailblazers 112 losangeleslakers 108 home
sanantoniospurs 86 houstonrockets 73 home
newyorkknicks 89 washingtonwizards 87 home
utahjazz 94 philadelphiaSSers 86 away
sacramentokings 107 phoenixsuns 102 home
oklahomacitythunder 108 milwaukeebucks 102 home
miamiheat 90 torontoraptors 89 away
minnesotatimberwolves 116 bostonceltics 95 away
dallasmavericks 111 torontoraptors 94 home
indianapacers 95 clevelandcavaliers 85 home
losangelesclippers 109 neworleanspelicans 80 home
sanantoniospurs 78 memphisgrizzlies 67 home
chicagobulls 102 orlandomagic 88 home
denvernuggets 116 neworleanspelicans 94 home
memphisgrizzlies 105 sacramentokings 100 home
miamiheat 97 atlantahawks 79 home
minnesotatimberwolves 92 houstonrockets 75 home
goldenstatewarriors 104 newyorkknicks 86 away
phoenixsuns 92 oklahomacitythunder 91 home
milwaukeebucks 106 portlandtrailblazers 99 away
washingtonwizards 91 utahjazz 87 home
goldenstatewarriors 98 atlantahawks 85 away
bostonceltics 105 dallasmavericks 103 home
houstonrockets 89 clevelandcavaliers 85 away
detroitpistons 77 chicagobulls 73 home
orlandomagic 94 indianapacers 90 away
losangelesclippers 93 milwaukeebucks 83 home
brooklynnets 87 utahjazz 74 home
philadelphiaSSers 87 miamiheat 76 home
sanantoniospurs 73 torontoraptors 70 home
denvernuggets 99 oklahomacitythunder 98 away
minnesotatimberwolves 114 dallasmavericks 109 home
sacramentokings 101 neworleanspelicans 90 away
portlandtrailblazers 101 phoenixsuns 94 home
sacramentokings 98 atlantahawks 86 away
utahjazz 99 bostonceltics 96 away
houstonrockets 99 losangelesclippers 85 home
indianapacers 80 detroitpistons 75 home
losangeleslakers 101 denvernuggets 99 home
memphisgrizzlies 97 miamiheat 83 home
brooklynnets 97 washingtonwizards 87 home
orlandomagic 119 goldenstatewarriors 93 home
clevelandcavaliers 88 philadelphiaSSers 81 away
sanantoniospurs 87 oklahomacitythunder 73 away
torontoraptors 105 newyorkknicks 99 home
clevelandcavaliers 95 chicagobulls 87 away
losangelesclippers 115 dallasmavericks 105 away
oklahomacitythunder 115 denvernuggets 106 away
milwaukeebucks 92 brooklynnets 87 home
minnesotatimberwolves 102 indianapacers 80 home
neworleanspelicans 94 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
newyorkknicks 103 atlantahawks 92 home
phoenixsuns 102 houstonrockets 87 home
sanantoniospurs 101 portlandtrailblazers 91 away
bostonceltics 87 philadelphiaSSers 84 home
detroitpistons 96 utahjazz 75 home
losangeleslakers 107 phoenixsuns 101 home
miamiheat 104 goldenstatewarriors 93 home
sacramentokings 117 portlandtrailblazers 98 home
orlandomagic 104 torontoraptors 93 away
utahjazz 92 chicagobulls 80 away
denvernuggets 106 memphisgrizzlies 99 home
philadelphiaSSers 95 orlandomagic 73 home
atlantahawks 93 bostonceltics 88 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 neworleanspelicans 86 home
goldenstatewarriors 107 losangeleslakers 98 home
indianapacers 79 houstonrockets 71 away
miamiheat 79 washingtonwizards 72 home
milwaukeebucks 83 detroitpistons 78 home
brooklynnets 95 chicagobulls 78 home
minnesotatimberwolves 98 newyorkknicks 92 away
portlandtrailblazers 97 dallasmavericks 88 home
sacramentokings 114 memphisgrizzlies 97 home
sanantoniospurs 111 losangelesclippers 90 home
oklahomacitythunder 116 phoenixsuns 90 home
houstonrockets 99 losangeleslakers 87 away
orlandomagic 113 clevelandcavaliers 101 home
dallasmavericks 111 sacramentokings 103 away
chicagobulls 87 clevelandcavaliers 80 away
denvernuggets 95 houstonrockets 94 home
brooklynnets 82 detroitpistons 79 away
goldenstatewarriors 98 sacramentokings 91 home
losangelesclippers 101 philadelphiaSSers 98 home
newyorkknicks 98 memphisgrizzlies 94 away
milwaukeebucks 101 indianapacers 96 home
neworleanspelicans 109 atlantahawks 79 home
bostonceltics 104 phoenixsuns 102 away
portlandtrailblazers 101 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
sanantoniospurs 98 orlandomagic 83 home
utahjazz 97 torontoraptors 94 home
miamiheat 92 washingtonwizards 84 away
detroitpistons 87 atlantahawks 84 away
chicagobulls 100 washingtonwizards 86 home
dallasmavericks 104 memphisgrizzlies 98 home
brooklynnets 82 indianapacers 75 away
newyorkknicks 100 miamiheat 80 away
minnesotatimberwolves 104 oklahomacitythunder 86 away
clevelandcavaliers 86 portlandtrailblazers 74 home
denvernuggets 103 goldenstatewarriors 79 home
torontoraptors 94 losangelesclippers 88 away
losangeleslakers 105 bostonceltics 82 home
phoenixsuns 100 philadelphiaSSers 92 home
sacramentokings 98 utahjazz 89 home
sanantoniospurs 89 milwaukeebucks 74 home
miamiheat 90 chicagobulls 83 away
detroitpistons 108 neworleanspelicans 99 home
bostonceltics 100 goldenstatewarriors 91 away
oklahomacitythunder 87 houstonrockets 86 away
indianapacers 94 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
phoenixsuns 113 losangelesclippers 105 away
portlandtrailblazers 91 brooklynnets 87 away
newyorkknicks 114 orlandomagic 86 away
utahjazz 106 philadelphiaSSers 97 home
indianapacers 92 clevelandcavaliers 89 away
dallasmavericks 101 milwaukeebucks 92 home
torontoraptors 81 denvernuggets 74 away
oklahomacitythunder 105 memphisgrizzlies 99 away
minnesotatimberwolves 98 chicagobulls 93 home
newyorkknicks 102 miamiheat 73 home
atlantahawks 83 washingtonwizards 73 away
neworleanspelicans 96 bostonceltics 94 away
detroitpistons 78 portlandtrailblazers 71 home
houstonrockets 80 philadelphiaSSers 72 home
losangelesclippers 120 denvernuggets 104 home
brooklynnets 88 goldenstatewarriors 70 home
indianapacers 103 bostonceltics 90 away
detroitpistons 93 phoenixsuns 81 home
memphisgrizzlies 100 utahjazz 88 home
miamiheat 112 orlandomagic 101 home
milwaukeebucks 109 dallasmavericks 101 home
minnesotatimberwolves 93 atlantahawks 75 home
brooklynnets 97 clevelandcavaliers 82 home
chicagobulls 104 newyorkknicks 99 away
denvernuggets 106 portlandtrailblazers 96 away
oklahomacitythunder 111 losangeleslakers 109 home
neworleanspelicans 86 torontoraptors 74 away
washingtonwizards 97 goldenstatewarriors 79 home
bostonceltics 88 chicagobulls 77 away
dallasmavericks 119 minnesotatimberwolves 112 home
atlantahawks 84 denvernuggets 76 away
detroitpistons 99 goldenstatewarriors 93 home
houstonrockets 84 utahjazz 63 home
indianapacers 91 neworleanspelicans 84 home
sacramentokings 116 losangelesclippers 109 away
memphisgrizzlies 112 orlandomagic 103 home
philadelphiaSSers 83 sanantoniospurs 77 away
losangelesclippers 101 losangeleslakers 98 home
brooklynnets 95 newyorkknicks 85 away
sacramentokings 130 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
torontoraptors 83 phoenixsuns 73 home
milwaukeebucks 100 washingtonwizards 94 away
detroitpistons 78 bostonceltics 68 away
chicagobulls 87 phoenixsuns 82 home
sanantoniospurs 98 denvernuggets 74 away
houstonrockets 83 goldenstatewarriors 65 home
indianapacers 87 miamiheat 65 away
milwaukeebucks 88 philadelphiaSSers 76 away
oklahomacitythunder 119 portlandtrailblazers 108 home
utahjazz 108 dallasmavericks 94 home
clevelandcavaliers 107 newyorkknicks 96 home
indianapacers 114 orlandomagic 107 home
minnesotatimberwolves 106 losangeleslakers 90 home
brooklynnets 92 losangelesclippers 75 home
sacramentokings 105 atlantahawks 89 home
sanantoniospurs 94 washingtonwizards 72 home
bostonceltics 101 orlandomagic 93 home
dallasmavericks 105 goldenstatewarriors 99 home
denvernuggets 113 losangeleslakers 91 home
detroitpistons 85 houstonrockets 66 home
miamiheat 102 chicagobulls 95 home
milwaukeebucks 95 phoenixsuns 87 home
neworleanspelicans 97 washingtonwizards 87 home
philadelphiaSSers 100 losangelesclippers 80 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 sacramentokings 93 home
torontoraptors 75 clevelandcavaliers 69 home
minnesotatimberwolves 96 portlandtrailblazers 75 home
houstonrockets 111 newyorkknicks 79 away
sanantoniospurs 94 neworleanspelicans 84 away
orlandomagic 103 washingtonwizards 92 home
philadelphiaSSers 97 brooklynnets 81 home
sacramentokings 113 phoenixsuns 93 away
oklahomacitythunder 122 memphisgrizzlies 116 home
losangelesclippers 78 torontoraptors 68 away
bostonceltics 107 clevelandcavaliers 82 home
portlandtrailblazers 87 chicagobulls 78 away
indianapacers 92 dallasmavericks 80 away
denvernuggets 106 utahjazz 96 home
losangeleslakers 113 atlantahawks 67 home
milwaukeebucks 103 miamiheat 94 home
chicagobulls 89 neworleanspelicans 84 home
goldenstatewarriors 113 oklahomacitythunder 110 home
minnesotatimberwolves 83 miamiheat 77 home
newyorkknicks 94 milwaukeebucks 88 home
sanantoniospurs 89 indianapacers 88 home
utahjazz 92 atlantahawks 71 home
washingtonwizards 94 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
detroitpistons 115 dallasmavericks 102 home
bostonceltics 97 houstonrockets 93 away
memphisgrizzlies 108 losangelesclippers 107 away
sacramentokings 117 denvernuggets 106 home
torontoraptors 83 portlandtrailblazers 72 home
memphisgrizzlies 115 goldenstatewarriors 113 away
losangeleslakers 89 clevelandcavaliers 79 home
dallasmavericks 127 newyorkknicks 121 away
philadelphiaSSers 87 orlandomagic 82 away
atlantahawks 86 sanantoniospurs 77 home
detroitpistons 105 chicagobulls 89 away
losangelesclippers 103 portlandtrailblazers 96 home
milwaukeebucks 111 bostonceltics 103 home
minnesotatimberwolves 94 neworleanspelicans 89 away
denvernuggets 105 phoenixsuns 92 away
sacramentokings 90 miamiheat 86 home
clevelandcavaliers 104 oklahomacitythunder 96 away
utahjazz 97 goldenstatewarriors 80 home
houstonrockets 93 washingtonwizards 80 away
houstonrockets 95 bostonceltics 80 away
dallasmavericks 125 philadelphiaSSers 122 home
detroitpistons 95 torontoraptors 91 home
indianapacers 85 atlantahawks 78 home
losangeleslakers 97 denvernuggets 71 home
brooklynnets 115 washingtonwizards 103 home
newyorkknicks 120 orlandomagic 110 home
minnesotatimberwolves 100 sanantoniospurs 93 away
goldenstatewarriors 119 clevelandcavaliers 102 home
memphisgrizzlies 108 chicagobulls 93 home
milwaukeebucks 86 brooklynnets 83 home
torontoraptors 78 neworleanspelicans 74 away
phoenixsuns 105 portlandtrailblazers 96 away
utahjazz 97 miamiheat 85 home
dallasmavericks 91 denvernuggets 88 away
detroitpistons 98 washingtonwizards 77 home
indianapacers 89 sanantoniospurs 79 home
miamiheat 87 losangelesclippers 85 away
newyorkknicks 108 oklahomacitythunder 88 home
orlandomagic 124 bostonceltics 118 home
phoenixsuns 104 goldenstatewarriors 93 home
sacramentokings 103 losangeleslakers 83 home
atlantahawks 75 torontoraptors 70 home
newyorkknicks 101 chicagobulls 96 away
houstonrockets 95 minnesotatimberwolves 76 home
losangeleslakers 91 losangelesclippers 89 home
detroitpistons 99 milwaukeebucks 94 away
indianapacers 90 brooklynnets 84 away
neworleanspelicans 91 orlandomagic 90 home
memphisgrizzlies 91 philadelphiaSSers 87 away
dallasmavericks 108 portlandtrailblazers 104 away
clevelandcavaliers 102 utahjazz 96 away
washingtonwizards 99 oklahomacitythunder 84 home
sanantoniospurs 109 bostonceltics 92 away
denvernuggets 88 miamiheat 80 home
phoenixsuns 96 portlandtrailblazers 92 home
indianapacers 100 atlantahawks 97 away
detroitpistons 85 sanantoniospurs 77 home
goldenstatewarriors 101 utahjazz 85 home
sacramentokings 125 losangelesclippers 100 away
phoenixsuns 88 losangeleslakers 85 away
memphisgrizzlies 88 houstonrockets 83 home
minnesotatimberwolves 97 neworleanspelicans 90 home
newyorkknicks 90 torontoraptors 79 home
orlandomagic 106 milwaukeebucks 99 home
oklahomacitythunder 90 philadelphiaSSers 81 away
washingtonwizards 93 chicagobulls 83 home
clevelandcavaliers 99 oklahomacitythunder 94 home
dallasmavericks 106 brooklynnets 93 home
indianapacers 81 detroitpistons 69 home
bostonceltics 86 miamiheat 84 away
portlandtrailblazers 109 sacramentokings 104 away
denvernuggets 96 utahjazz 75 away
atlantahawks 97 chicagobulls 87 home
denvernuggets 97 phoenixsuns 92 home
houstonrockets 86 newyorkknicks 71 home
losangelesclippers 106 goldenstatewarriors 102 home
memphisgrizzlies 88 losangeleslakers 82 home
milwaukeebucks 113 orlandomagic 102 home
philadelphiaSSers 92 neworleanspelicans 86 away
sanantoniospurs 99 brooklynnets 76 home
minnesotatimberwolves 108 torontoraptors 97 away
sacramentokings 95 clevelandcavaliers 89 away
dallasmavericks 106 losangeleslakers 87 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 goldenstatewarriors 87 home
newyorkknicks 96 atlantahawks 94 away
bostonceltics 100 washingtonwizards 89 home
dallasmavericks 106 chicagobulls 93 away
houstonrockets 78 indianapacers 74 away
losangelesclippers 93 utahjazz 82 home
memphisgrizzlies 109 sacramentokings 95 home
miamiheat 85 brooklynnets 64 home
milwaukeebucks 98 torontoraptors 86 home
minnesotatimberwolves 80 detroitpistons 79 home
neworleanspelicans 97 denvernuggets 91 home
orlandomagic 98 philadelphiaSSers 93 away
sanantoniospurs 86 phoenixsuns 84 away
clevelandcavaliers 95 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
miamiheat 85 newyorkknicks 77 away
goldenstatewarriors 105 portlandtrailblazers 87 away
neworleanspelicans 98 sanantoniospurs 96 away
oklahomacitythunder 102 losangelesclippers 97 home
losangeleslakers 93 utahjazz 86 away
washingtonwizards 107 indianapacers 96 home
chicagobulls 96 torontoraptors 89 home
dallasmavericks 108 sacramentokings 99 home
atlantahawks 91 detroitpistons 82 away
memphisgrizzlies 106 denvernuggets 88 home
minnesotatimberwolves 99 phoenixsuns 95 home
brooklynnets 110 bostonceltics 91 home
houstonrockets 99 orlandomagic 87 away
clevelandcavaliers 99 orlandomagic 98 home
minnesotatimberwolves 97 denvernuggets 95 away
miamiheat 95 houstonrockets 81 home
milwaukeebucks 93 sanantoniospurs 92 home
utahjazz 98 losangelesclippers 93 home
portlandtrailblazers 94 washingtonwizards 83 away
phoenixsuns 89 atlantahawks 85 away
losangelesclippers 102 chicagobulls 92 home
sanantoniospurs 77 newyorkknicks 67 away
brooklynnets 94 philadelphiaSSers 76 away
dallasmavericks 118 oklahomacitythunder 116 away
detroitpistons 106 bostonceltics 103 away
clevelandcavaliers 94 miamiheat 93 home
denvernuggets 115 chicagobulls 99 home
goldenstatewarriors 97 minnesotatimberwolves 90 home
sacramentokings 99 houstonrockets 94 away
indianapacers 101 phoenixsuns 79 home
losangeleslakers 96 oklahomacitythunder 82 home
portlandtrailblazers 88 memphisgrizzlies 76 away
neworleanspelicans 101 milwaukeebucks 100 home
torontoraptors 94 philadelphiaSSers 84 home
utahjazz 91 dallasmavericks 88 home
orlandomagic 104 washingtonwizards 100 away
portlandtrailblazers 93 atlantahawks 85 away
brooklynnets 89 orlandomagic 79 away
sacramentokings 96 sanantoniospurs 91 away
newyorkknicks 92 bostonceltics 74 away
goldenstatewarriors 101 chicagobulls 81 home
minnesotatimberwolves 97 losangeleslakers 84 away
utahjazz 85 memphisgrizzlies 79 away
miamiheat 97 losangelesclippers 88 home
milwaukeebucks 101 clevelandcavaliers 95 home
philadelphiaSSers 85 neworleanspelicans 82 home
detroitpistons 90 torontoraptors 89 away
washingtonwizards 105 phoenixsuns 100 home
atlantahawks 93 milwaukeebucks 83 home
denvernuggets 107 dallasmavericks 102 away
detroitpistons 80 memphisgrizzlies 78 home
brooklynnets 88 houstonrockets 77 away
indianapacers 99 bostonceltics 98 home
miamiheat 94 neworleanspelicans 70 away
newyorkknicks 110 phoenixsuns 105 home
losangelesclippers 115 orlandomagic 106 away
portlandtrailblazers 102 chicagobulls 95 home
sanantoniospurs 85 utahjazz 81 home
sacramentokings 110 oklahomacitythunder 103 away
minnesotatimberwolves 106 philadelphiaSSers 101 home
losangeleslakers 84 torontoraptors 83 away
clevelandcavaliers 104 washingtonwizards 100 away
losangelesclippers 101 atlantahawks 95 away
denvernuggets 116 portlandtrailblazers 97 home
indianapacers 85 losangeleslakers 72 home
memphisgrizzlies 106 goldenstatewarriors 101 home
detroitpistons 102 miamiheat 100 away
brooklynnets 91 neworleanspelicans 70 away
phoenixsuns 99 houstonrockets 79 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 chicagobulls 97 home
sanantoniospurs 83 utahjazz 65 away
dallasmavericks 107 goldenstatewarriors 93 home
clevelandcavaliers 85 detroitpistons 82 away
minnesotatimberwolves 113 orlandomagic 100 home
newyorkknicks 97 indianapacers 90 home
torontoraptors 93 philadelphiaSSers 80 away
sacramentokings 117 oklahomacitythunder 101 home
atlantahawks 97 minnesotatimberwolves 89 home
losangelesclippers 95 bostonceltics 86 away
losangeleslakers 111 clevelandcavaliers 106 away
houstonrockets 103 milwaukeebucks 89 home
brooklynnets 99 miamiheat 88 home
dallasmavericks 113 neworleanspelicans 104 away
portlandtrailblazers 101 phoenixsuns 97 away
torontoraptors 110 orlandomagic 90 home
chicagobulls 95 utahjazz 79 away
memphisgrizzlies 103 washingtonwizards 101 away
philadelphiaSSers 96 losangeleslakers 73 home
sanantoniospurs 96 oklahomacitythunder 90 away
atlantahawks 100 bostonceltics 96 away
goldenstatewarriors 96 denvernuggets 87 home
houstonrockets 82 chicagobulls 80 home
memphisgrizzlies 105 milwaukeebucks 85 home
minnesotatimberwolves 103 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
brooklynnets 120 orlandomagic 99 home
neworleanspelicans 92 detroitpistons 81 home
oklahomacitythunder 107 phoenixsuns 105 away
sanantoniospurs 102 sacramentokings 94 away
indianapacers 83 torontoraptors 77 away
portlandtrailblazers 87 utahjazz 73 away
washingtonwizards 112 losangelesclippers 100 home
houstonrockets 86 atlantahawks 77 away
washingtonwizards 106 clevelandcavaliers 88 away
dallasmavericks 111 detroitpistons 108 home
newyorkknicks 76 miamiheat 64 away
milwaukeebucks 107 neworleanspelicans 97 home
bostonceltics 110 philadelphiaSSers 80 away
utahjazz 96 phoenixsuns 92 away
torontoraptors 84 goldenstatewarriors 81 away
indianapacers 97 miamiheat 91 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
brooklynnets 99 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
newyorkknicks 110 losangelesclippers 104 home
losangeleslakers 98 orlandomagic 96 away
portlandtrailblazers 95 oklahomacitythunder 85 home
sacramentokings 115 denvernuggets 92 home
atlantahawks 102 dallasmavericks 96 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 bostonceltics 89 home
denvernuggets 86 memphisgrizzlies 83 home
sanantoniospurs 85 houstonrockets 82 away
indianapacers 103 chicagobulls 84 away
dallasmavericks 105 newyorkknicks 90 home
losangeleslakers 98 miamiheat 83 away
sacramentokings 124 milwaukeebucks 117 away
minnesotatimberwolves 96 losangelesclippers 84 home
brooklynnets 89 detroitpistons 78 home
torontoraptors 101 phoenixsuns 94 away
utahjazz 86 portlandtrailblazers 81 away
goldenstatewarriors 106 oklahomacitythunder 97 away
brooklynnets 105 clevelandcavaliers 85 away
sacramentokings 96 detroitpistons 94 away
goldenstatewarriors 110 phoenixsuns 99 home
houstonrockets 102 losangeleslakers 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 110 losangelesclippers 102 home
neworleanspelicans 106 newyorkknicks 98 home
miamiheat 111 orlandomagic 98 away
philadelphiaSSers 113 washingtonwizards 88 home
minnesotatimberwolves 77 utahjazz 66 away
chicagobulls 107 bostonceltics 87 home
denvernuggets 107 portlandtrailblazers 98 away
oklahomacitythunder 94 torontoraptors 74 home
memphisgrizzlies 109 dallasmavericks 92 home
miamiheat 97 utahjazz 85 home
milwaukeebucks 127 orlandomagic 104 home
minnesotatimberwolves 110 phoenixsuns 95 home
newyorkknicks 92 detroitpistons 88 home
sacramentokings 127 bostonceltics 111 home
chicagobulls 75 torontoraptors 73 home
denvernuggets 106 philadelphiaSSers 85 home
houstonrockets 107 washingtonwizards 81 home
neworleanspelicans 89 indianapacers 75 away
losangeleslakers 89 portlandtrailblazers 86 home
dallasmavericks 114 clevelandcavaliers 98 away
detroitpistons 102 milwaukeebucks 98 home
losangeleslakers 100 goldenstatewarriors 99 away
brooklynnets 98 atlantahawks 92 home
neworleanspelicans 120 washingtonwizards 98 home
orlandomagic 90 utahjazz 77 home
portlandtrailblazers 101 losangelesclippers 86 home
sanantoniospurs 86 torontoraptors 82 away
losangelesclippers 102 bostonceltics 100 home
minnesotatimberwolves 92 sacramentokings 75 home
philadelphiaSSers 112 oklahomacitythunder 101 away
sacramentokings 91 chicagobulls 83 away
clevelandcavaliers 89 sanantoniospurs 87 home
minnesotatimberwolves 88 detroitpistons 87 away
portlandtrailblazers 94 goldenstatewarriors 93 away
losangeleslakers 116 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
memphisgrizzlies 97 phoenixsuns 92 home
miamiheat 125 atlantahawks 92 home
utahjazz 92 newyorkknicks 78 away
orlandomagic 102 denvernuggets 98 home
brooklynnets 91 torontoraptors 72 away
indianapacers 96 washingtonwizards 87 away
memphisgrizzlies 105 chicagobulls 98 away
dallasmavericks 97 houstonrockets 88 home
goldenstatewarriors 94 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
miamiheat 97 denvernuggets 81 home
losangelesclippers 105 milwaukeebucks 103 away
brooklynnets 97 neworleanspelicans 84 home
portlandtrailblazers 105 bostonceltics 84 home
orlandomagic 87 detroitpistons 86 away
houstonrockets 123 atlantahawks 121 home
indianapacers 94 utahjazz 80 home
sanantoniospurs 94 minnesotatimberwolves 92 away
clevelandcavaliers 92 newyorkknicks 86 away
losangeleslakers 104 phoenixsuns 92 away
oklahomacitythunder 108 bostonceltics 87 home
sacramentokings 96 torontoraptors 81 away
milwaukeebucks 113 washingtonwizards 85 away
clevelandcavaliers 104 neworleanspelicans 100 home
memphisgrizzlies 109 denvernuggets 106 home
portlandtrailblazers 89 miamiheat 81 away
detroitpistons 76 philadelphiaSSers 66 away
atlantahawks 86 philadelphiaSSers 75 home
dallasmavericks 116 losangelesclippers 91 home
indianapacers 107 goldenstatewarriors 96 home
minnesotatimberwolves 108 milwaukeebucks 102 away
brooklynnets 86 torontoraptors 74 home
portlandtrailblazers 94 orlandomagic 91 away
sacramentokings 107 newyorkknicks 99 home
sanantoniospurs 86 houstonrockets 77 home
utahjazz 99 oklahomacitythunder 86 home
milwaukeebucks 106 bostonceltics 104 away
detroitpistons 107 chicagobulls 88 away
losangeleslakers 112 denvernuggets 111 away
houstonrockets 90 clevelandcavaliers 84 home
goldenstatewarriors 99 memphisgrizzlies 92 away
minnesotatimberwolves 81 brooklynnets 68 home
neworleanspelicans 99 losangelesclippers 93 home
phoenixsuns 113 newyorkknicks 95 home
utahjazz 93 oklahomacitythunder 92 away
washingtonwizards 76 torontoraptors 74 away
dallasmavericks 115 sanantoniospurs 91 home
sacramentokings 103 losangeleslakers 101 away
washingtonwizards 95 chicagobulls 87 home
bostonceltics 88 torontoraptors 75 home
detroitpistons 105 atlantahawks 83 home
houstonrockets 89 portlandtrailblazers 85 home
losangelesclippers 96 newyorkknicks 94 home
milwaukeebucks 106 memphisgrizzlies 104 home
minnesotatimberwolves 91 goldenstatewarriors 81 home
neworleanspelicans 89 indianapacers 77 home
clevelandcavaliers 112 orlandomagic 107 away
utahjazz 102 sacramentokings 97 away
phoenixsuns 104 oklahomacitythunder 99 away
orlandomagic 104 atlantahawks 99 away
chicagobulls 87 goldenstatewarriors 81 home
dallasmavericks 111 portlandtrailblazers 91 home
indianapacers 81 philadelphiaSSers 74 home
memphisgrizzlies 97 neworleanspelicans 92 home
brooklynnets 92 miamiheat 86 home
sanantoniospurs 117 denvernuggets 92 home
losangeleslakers 122 washingtonwizards 110 away
denvernuggets 107 newyorkknicks 96 home
oklahomacitythunder 97 houstonrockets 80 away
detroitpistons 100 losangelesclippers 88 away
milwaukeebucks 108 miamiheat 104 home
losangeleslakers 100 brooklynnets 83 away
philadelphiaSSers 81 minnesotatimberwolves 74 home
sacramentokings 108 phoenixsuns 94 home
bostonceltics 91 torontoraptors 82 away
bostonceltics 117 orlandomagic 96 home
chicagobulls 92 clevelandcavaliers 81 home
memphisgrizzlies 81 sanantoniospurs 80 away
utahjazz 94 detroitpistons 86 home
washingtonwizards 111 neworleanspelicans 106 home
atlantahawks 94 losangeleslakers 93 home
dallasmavericks 107 oklahomacitythunder 96 home
brooklynnets 95 denvernuggets 91 away
indianapacers 96 goldenstatewarriors 88 away
torontoraptors 89 miamiheat 86 away
sacramentokings 113 losangelesclippers 106 home
clevelandcavaliers 112 atlantahawks 80 home
losangeleslakers 96 houstonrockets 93 away
indianapacers 101 losangelesclippers 94 away
minnesotatimberwolves 121 dallasmavericks 97 home
neworleanspelicans 100 chicagobulls 97 home
newyorkknicks 88 philadelphiaSSers 77 home
milwaukeebucks 105 orlandomagic 97 away
phoenixsuns 87 brooklynnets 74 home
memphisgrizzlies 97 portlandtrailblazers 88 away
sanantoniospurs 88 oklahomacitythunder 84 home
washingtonwizards 84 torontoraptors 70 home
miamiheat 104 milwaukeebucks 98 home
sacramentokings 114 philadelphiaSSers 105 away
detroitpistons 83 portlandtrailblazers 68 away
bostonceltics 94 washingtonwizards 90 home
brooklynnets 78 goldenstatewarriors 74 away
losangeleslakers 99 oklahomacitythunder 91 home
houstonrockets 112 minnesotatimberwolves 109 away
clevelandcavaliers 88 neworleanspelicans 85 away
orlandomagic 101 atlantahawks 96 home
sanantoniospurs 113 dallasmavericks 100 home
newyorkknicks 109 torontoraptors 103 away
indianapacers 96 utahjazz 88 away
clevelandcavaliers 106 milwaukeebucks 97 home
detroitpistons 97 denvernuggets 66 away
memphisgrizzlies 98 losangelesclippers 92 away
miamiheat 102 sacramentokings 96 home
philadelphiaSSers 97 chicagobulls 88 home
sanantoniospurs 107 phoenixsuns 86 away
portlandtrailblazers 91 utahjazz 70 home
indianapacers 103 denvernuggets 94 away
memphisgrizzlies 95 goldenstatewarriors 85 away
houstonrockets 101 dallasmavericks 98 home
losangelesclippers 91 portlandtrailblazers 71 home
losangeleslakers 94 brooklynnets 88 home
bostonceltics 80 minnesotatimberwolves 77 away
sacramentokings 107 orlandomagic 90 away
detroitpistons 86 oklahomacitythunder 65 away
torontoraptors 84 neworleanspelicans 76 home
newyorkknicks 99 washingtonwizards 86 away
clevelandcavaliers 108 atlantahawks 102 away
dallasmavericks 103 phoenixsuns 90 home
philadelphiaSSers 97 milwaukeebucks 92 home
utahjazz 88 losangeleslakers 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 89 chicagobulls 81 away
houstonrockets 90 losangelesclippers 85 home
indianapacers 94 torontoraptors 84 home
memphisgrizzlies 94 sanantoniospurs 88 home
miamiheat 100 orlandomagic 89 home
bostonceltics 87 newyorkknicks 84 away
sacramentokings 96 goldenstatewarriors 92 home
minnesotatimberwolves 105 oklahomacitythunder 92 away
denvernuggets 117 washingtonwizards 87 away
losangeleslakers 117 bostonceltics 109 away
detroitpistons 98 chicagobulls 65 home
milwaukeebucks 94 atlantahawks 80 home
brooklynnets 98 denvernuggets 97 home
neworleanspelicans 95 miamiheat 84 home
orlandomagic 108 washingtonwizards 99 home
portlandtrailblazers 92 minnesotatimberwolves 79 home
sanantoniospurs 108 losangelesclippers 90 home
clevelandcavaliers 106 torontoraptors 92 away
utahjazz 91 goldenstatewarriors 77 home
houstonrockets 97 neworleanspelicans 86 home
sacramentokings 120 dallasmavericks 102 home
atlantahawks 138 washingtonwizards 124 home
indianapacers 99 bostonceltics 81 away
memphisgrizzlies 98 losangelesclippers 89 home
miamiheat 82 oklahomacitythunder 74 home
denvernuggets 117 milwaukeebucks 111 away
minnesotatimberwolves 96 losangeleslakers 86 home
brooklynnets 88 chicagobulls 76 home
philadelphiaSSers 99 newyorkknicks 94 home
utahjazz 99 phoenixsuns 90 away
portlandtrailblazers 83 sacramentokings 81 home
sanantoniospurs 99 goldenstatewarriors 74 home
losangeleslakers 88 chicagobulls 81 away
houstonrockets 88 memphisgrizzlies 80 home
neworleanspelicans 102 goldenstatewarriors 84 home
oklahomacitythunder 115 orlandomagic 101 away
dallasmavericks 113 phoenixsuns 90 away
bostonceltics 111 washingtonwizards 102 away
clevelandcavaliers 107 indianapacers 104 home
denvernuggets 102 utahjazz 75 home
detroitpistons 85 philadelphiaSSers 69 home
dallasmavericks 101 losangelesclippers 88 away
miamiheat 104 brooklynnets 95 home
newyorkknicks 103 milwaukeebucks 100 away
portlandtrailblazers 92 minnesotatimberwolves 83 away
sacramentokings 101 sanantoniospurs 87 home
torontoraptors 101 atlantahawks 84 home
goldenstatewarriors 97 sanantoniospurs 80 home
phoenixsuns 99 houstonrockets 97 away
losangeleslakers 113 orlandomagic 110 home
oklahomacitythunder 118 atlantahawks 110 away
clevelandcavaliers 111 chicagobulls 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 82 philadelphiaSSers 79 home
miamiheat 96 neworleanspelicans 83 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 milwaukeebucks 99 away
brooklynnets 94 sacramentokings 77 home
newyorkknicks 114 washingtonwizards 110 home
losangelesclippers 110 phoenixsuns 98 away
bostonceltics 104 denvernuggets 100 home
atlantahawks 111 dallasmavericks 110 away
goldenstatewarriors 110 orlandomagic 85 home
indianapacers 80 portlandtrailblazers 71 home
losangeleslakers 106 losangelesclippers 103 home
neworleanspelicans 104 philadelphiaSSers 80 home
torontoraptors 85 utahjazz 81 home
washingtonwizards 114 sacramentokings 108 home
oklahomacitythunder 97 memphisgrizzlies 94 away
detroitpistons 89 brooklynnets 71 away
sanantoniospurs 106 minnesotatimberwolves 86 home
utahjazz 97 clevelandcavaliers 88 away
dallasmavericks 120 bostonceltics 104 home
detroitpistons 94 denvernuggets 75 home
goldenstatewarriors 90 houstonrockets 84 home
sacramentokings 94 indianapacers 92 away
losangeleslakers 106 losangelesclippers 100 home
oklahomacitythunder 91 neworleanspelicans 80 away
newyorkknicks 79 brooklynnets 65 home
minnesotatimberwolves 93 phoenixsuns 80 away
chicagobulls 96 torontoraptors 91 away
washingtonwizards 94 atlantahawks 84 home
utahjazz 87 atlantahawks 81 away
chicagobulls 87 newyorkknicks 81 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 indianapacers 95 home
miamiheat 101 philadelphiaSSers 69 home
phoenixsuns 123 milwaukeebucks 111 home
portlandtrailblazers 92 orlandomagic 73 home
sanantoniospurs 103 bostonceltics 87 home
detroitpistons 96 clevelandcavaliers 76 away
goldenstatewarriors 96 losangelesclippers 85 away
losangeleslakers 104 milwaukeebucks 103 home
minnesotatimberwolves 98 denvernuggets 77 home
dallasmavericks 101 brooklynnets 98 away
torontoraptors 121 neworleanspelicans 120 away
sacramentokings 100 houstonrockets 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 84 orlandomagic 67 home
miamiheat 101 washingtonwizards 81 away
denvernuggets 102 losangelesclippers 80 home
indianapacers 101 chicagobulls 77 home
newyorkknicks 96 atlantahawks 84 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 dallasmavericks 98 home
houstonrockets 93 portlandtrailblazers 85 away
neworleanspelicans 82 detroitpistons 81 home
milwaukeebucks 112 sacramentokings 101 away
utahjazz 85 washingtonwizards 77 home
brooklynnets 84 chicagobulls 81 away
phoenixsuns 103 clevelandcavaliers 86 away
memphisgrizzlies 95 torontoraptors 86 home
minnesotatimberwolves 86 sanantoniospurs 81 home
denvernuggets 101 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
goldenstatewarriors 98 milwaukeebucks 89 home
houstonrockets 90 torontoraptors 89 home
indianapacers 103 dallasmavericks 99 home
losangeleslakers 115 sacramentokings 91 home
memphisgrizzlies 111 newyorkknicks 97 away
miamiheat 105 orlandomagic 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 99 phoenixsuns 94 home
portlandtrailblazers 91 losangelesclippers 85 home
oklahomacitythunder 84 utahjazz 77 home
atlantahawks 84 neworleanspelicans 76 home
washingtonwizards 103 losangelesclippers 94 away
sanantoniospurs 84 detroitpistons 75 home
bostonceltics 102 brooklynnets 93 home
milwaukeebucks 115 chicagobulls 105 away
goldenstatewarriors 99 washingtonwizards 78 home
losangeleslakers 90 minnesotatimberwolves 73 home
memphisgrizzlies 109 houstonrockets 86 home
miamiheat 119 dallasmavericks 118 home
phoenixsuns 99 neworleanspelicans 94 away
newyorkknicks 108 torontoraptors 101 home
indianapacers 107 orlandomagic 92 away
philadelphiaSSers 86 clevelandcavaliers 71 home
oklahomacitythunder 102 denvernuggets 86 home
atlantahawks 97 chicagobulls 88 home
clevelandcavaliers 107 brooklynnets 104 home
detroitpistons 100 newyorkknicks 85 home
minnesotatimberwolves 98 losangelesclippers 82 away
portlandtrailblazers 115 oklahomacitythunder 108 home
sanantoniospurs 105 phoenixsuns 76 home
utahjazz 85 denvernuggets 83 home
bostonceltics 89 philadelphiaSSers 65 home
goldenstatewarriors 105 losangelesclippers 77 home
indianapacers 87 miamiheat 80 home
losangeleslakers 91 utahjazz 84 home
houstonrockets 111 milwaukeebucks 107 away
dallasmavericks 118 orlandomagic 88 away
sacramentokings 100 washingtonwizards 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 94 torontoraptors 88 away
memphisgrizzlies 136 atlantahawks 133 away
minnesotatimberwolves 94 houstonrockets 88 away
miamiheat 105 chicagobulls 96 home
bostonceltics 84 brooklynnets 80 away
newyorkknicks 92 portlandtrailblazers 91 home
phoenixsuns 101 washingtonwizards 95 home
sanantoniospurs 101 clevelandcavaliers 93 home
dallasmavericks 126 clevelandcavaliers 109 home
denvernuggets 124 oklahomacitythunder 119 home
losangeleslakers 107 neworleanspelicans 88 home
milwaukeebucks 95 indianapacers 86 home
philadelphiaSSers 95 goldenstatewarriors 71 home
miamiheat 100 atlantahawks 97 away
portlandtrailblazers 105 bostonceltics 98 away
detroitpistons 108 losangelesclippers 99 home
indianapacers 111 milwaukeebucks 78 home
minnesotatimberwolves 90 oklahomacitythunder 83 home
chicagobulls 109 orlandomagic 91 away
sanantoniospurs 107 sacramentokings 89 home
goldenstatewarriors 85 torontoraptors 78 away
utahjazz 89 neworleanspelicans 76 home
brooklynnets 103 washingtonwizards 99 away
dallasmavericks 127 sacramentokings 117 home
losangeleslakers 93 houstonrockets 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 88 philadelphiaSSers 82 away
bostonceltics 111 goldenstatewarriors 106 home
chicagobulls 114 losangelesclippers 110 home
denvernuggets 110 houstonrockets 100 home
detroitpistons 92 miamiheat 84 home
indianapacers 84 torontoraptors 64 home
memphisgrizzlies 109 phoenixsuns 99 home
milwaukeebucks 107 clevelandcavaliers 89 home
minnesotatimberwolves 91 washingtonwizards 73 home
brooklynnets 108 newyorkknicks 83 home
atlantahawks 95 orlandomagic 87 away
losangeleslakers 97 oklahomacitythunder 86 away
sanantoniospurs 94 utahjazz 81 away
miamiheat 97 chicagobulls 83 away
goldenstatewarriors 103 clevelandcavaliers 100 away
dallasmavericks 124 phoenixsuns 103 home
newyorkknicks 86 philadelphiaSSers 75 away
neworleanspelicans 94 portlandtrailblazers 81 away
detroitpistons 79 indianapacers 61 home
sacramentokings 99 houstonrockets 94 away
utahjazz 97 losangelesclippers 92 away
sanantoniospurs 95 losangeleslakers 89 away
minnesotatimberwolves 90 memphisgrizzlies 82 home
brooklynnets 106 atlantahawks 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 96 neworleanspelicans 88 home
milwaukeebucks 90 torontoraptors 83 away
washingtonwizards 112 bostonceltics 102 home
utahjazz 92 memphisgrizzlies 81 home
philadelphiaSSers 103 atlantahawks 100 away
torontoraptors 87 clevelandcavaliers 86 away
dallasmavericks 118 oklahomacitythunder 108 home
detroitpistons 102 orlandomagic 86 home
goldenstatewarriors 97 houstonrockets 90 home
indianapacers 107 newyorkknicks 86 home
portlandtrailblazers 91 losangeleslakers 80 away
milwaukeebucks 103 brooklynnets 98 away
sacramentokings 105 neworleanspelicans 91 home
houstonrockets 102 losangelesclippers 79 away
memphisgrizzlies 92 clevelandcavaliers 74 home
miamiheat 104 bostonceltics 101 home
milwaukeebucks 116 washingtonwizards 107 home
newyorkknicks 96 chicagobulls 82 home
denvernuggets 111 phoenixsuns 96 away
portlandtrailblazers 87 goldenstatewarriors 81 home
sanantoniospurs 96 oklahomacitythunder 75 home
indianapacers 94 torontoraptors 90 away
dallasmavericks 117 utahjazz 94 home
brooklynnets 101 orlandomagic 81 home
minnesotatimberwolves 94 sacramentokings 86 away
atlantahawks 116 chicagobulls 101 away
detroitpistons 74 torontoraptors 66 home
minnesotatimberwolves 92 goldenstatewarriors 74 away
houstonrockets 106 denvernuggets 103 home
indianapacers 90 brooklynnets 80 home
losangeleslakers 103 memphisgrizzlies 95 home
miamiheat 106 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
neworleanspelicans 89 bostonceltics 80 home
washingtonwizards 83 philadelphiaSSers 80 away
phoenixsuns 101 sacramentokings 96 home
sanantoniospurs 84 portlandtrailblazers 74 home
atlantahawks 110 bostonceltics 99 home
clevelandcavaliers 91 miamiheat 80 home
denvernuggets 110 portlandtrailblazers 100 home
neworleanspelicans 92 milwaukeebucks 87 away
detroitpistons 101 orlandomagic 89 away
oklahomacitythunder 119 dallasmavericks 99 home
utahjazz 82 houstonrockets 69 home
newyorkknicks 102 washingtonwizards 98 away
goldenstatewarriors 108 dallasmavericks 107 home
sanantoniospurs 88 losangelesclippers 79 away
brooklynnets 89 philadelphiaSSers 75 home
phoenixsuns 89 memphisgrizzlies 83 home
sacramentokings 102 losangeleslakers 85 home
chicagobulls 114 torontoraptors 108 away
atlantahawks 129 brooklynnets 107 home
miamiheat 84 bostonceltics 77 away
orlandomagic 93 chicagobulls 84 away
clevelandcavaliers 93 milwaukeebucks 89 home
denvernuggets 97 sacramentokings 89 home
detroitpistons 101 washingtonwizards 79 home
minnesotatimberwolves 104 utahjazz 90 home
newyorkknicks 101 neworleanspelicans 97 away
indianapacers 107 philadelphiaSSers 93 away
sanantoniospurs 78 portlandtrailblazers 66 away
houstonrockets 111 oklahomacitythunder 107 away
dallasmavericks 110 memphisgrizzlies 103 home
losangeleslakers 109 goldenstatewarriors 104 home
losangelesclippers 98 phoenixsuns 96 away
torontoraptors 87 detroitpistons 78 home
bostonceltics 137 atlantahawks 132 home
goldenstatewarriors 97 sacramentokings 91 home
dallasmavericks 92 houstonrockets 89 away
indianapacers 101 chicagobulls 96 home
oklahomacitythunder 118 losangelesclippers 87 away
minnesotatimberwolves 107 memphisgrizzlies 90 away
miamiheat 96 brooklynnets 84 home
torontoraptors 89 milwaukeebucks 87 away
clevelandcavaliers 100 newyorkknicks 90 away
orlandomagic 95 philadelphiaSSers 89 home
losangeleslakers 105 portlandtrailblazers 104 away
sanantoniospurs 93 denvernuggets 67 home
phoenixsuns 89 utahjazz 84 away
neworleanspelicans 94 washingtonwizards 78 away
indianapacers 104 bostonceltics 88 home
losangeleslakers 72 houstonrockets 71 home
brooklynnets 107 newyorkknicks 83 home
sanantoniospurs 98 memphisgrizzlies 74 home
detroitpistons 108 milwaukeebucks 82 home
miamiheat 81 neworleanspelicans 79 home
minnesotatimberwolves 106 denvernuggets 92 home
sacramentokings 116 dallasmavericks 105 home
losangeleslakers 98 houstonrockets 84 home
sanantoniospurs 87 memphisgrizzlies 70 home
indianapacers 103 bostonceltics 90 home
brooklynnets 99 newyorkknicks 81 home
sacramentokings 83 dallasmavericks 79 home
milwaukeebucks 92 detroitpistons 88 away
miamiheat 93 neworleanspelicans 63 home
minnesotatimberwolves 95 denvernuggets 81 home
sanantoniospurs 95 memphisgrizzlies 93 away
brooklynnets 81 newyorkknicks 78 away
indianapacers 108 bostonceltics 85 away
houstonrockets 102 losangeleslakers 91 home
dallasmavericks 104 sacramentokings 79 home
denvernuggets 107 minnesotatimberwolves 86 home
detroitpistons 95 milwaukeebucks 85 away
neworleanspelicans 77 miamiheat 71 home
indianapacers 90 bostonceltics 75 away
losangeleslakers 92 houstonrockets 88 away
sanantoniospurs 110 memphisgrizzlies 97 away
brooklynnets 100 newyorkknicks 94 away
sacramentokings 94 dallasmavericks 92 away
detroitpistons 109 milwaukeebucks 92 away
minnesotatimberwolves 84 denvernuggets 82 away
neworleanspelicans 96 miamiheat 85 home
losangeleslakers 97 houstonrockets 78 home
detroitpistons 91 milwaukeebucks 77 home
sacramentokings 119 dallasmavericks 118 home
miamiheat 87 neworleanspelicans 83 home
minnesotatimberwolves 102 denvernuggets 91 home
neworleanspelicans 89 miamiheat 83 home
sanantoniospurs 88 losangeleslakers 78 home
detroitpistons 78 brooklynnets 56 home
miamiheat 85 neworleanspelicans 77 home
sacramentokings 104 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
sanantoniospurs 95 losangeleslakers 85 home
indianapacers 94 miamiheat 81 home
detroitpistons 95 brooklynnets 80 home
indianapacers 91 miamiheat 80 home
minnesotatimberwolves 94 sacramentokings 89 home
losangeleslakers 105 sanantoniospurs 81 home
brooklynnets 82 detroitpistons 64 home
miamiheat 94 indianapacers 87 home
minnesotatimberwolves 114 sacramentokings 113 away
losangeleslakers 98 sanantoniospurs 90 home
brooklynnets 94 detroitpistons 79 home
miamiheat 100 indianapacers 88 home
sacramentokings 87 minnesotatimberwolves 81 home
losangeleslakers 74 sanantoniospurs 73 away
brooklynnets 127 detroitpistons 120 away
minnesotatimberwolves 86 sacramentokings 74 home
indianapacers 94 miamiheat 83 home
losangeleslakers 88 sanantoniospurs 76 home
detroitpistons 81 brooklynnets 75 away
sacramentokings 104 minnesotatimberwolves 87 home
indianapacers 73 miamiheat 70 away
minnesotatimberwolves 83 sacramentokings 80 home
detroitpistons 90 brooklynnets 69 home
losangeleslakers 97 minnesotatimberwolves 88 away
indianapacers 78 detroitpistons 74 home
minnesotatimberwolves 89 losangeleslakers 71 home
detroitpistons 72 indianapacers 67 away
losangeleslakers 100 minnesotatimberwolves 89 home
detroitpistons 85 indianapacers 78 home
losangeleslakers 92 minnesotatimberwolves 85 home
indianapacers 83 detroitpistons 68 away
minnesotatimberwolves 98 losangeleslakers 96 home
detroitpistons 83 indianapacers 65 away
losangeleslakers 96 minnesotatimberwolves 90 home
detroitpistons 69 indianapacers 65 home
detroitpistons 87 losangeleslakers 75 away
losangeleslakers 99 detroitpistons 91 home
detroitpistons 88 losangeleslakers 68 home
detroitpistons 88 losangeleslakers 80 home
detroitpistons 100 losangeleslakers 87 home
