dallasmavericks 107 sacramentokings 98 home
detroitpistons 87 houstonrockets 79 home
losangeleslakers 89 denvernuggets 78 home
portlandtrailblazers 78 goldenstatewarriors 75 away
losangelesclippers 114 oklahomacitythunder 84 home
washingtonwizards 103 memphisgrizzlies 91 away
minnesotatimberwolves 99 newyorkknicks 93 home
miamiheat 100 brooklynnets 77 away
dallasmavericks 106 neworleanspelicans 91 away
orlandomagic 93 milwaukeebucks 92 home
phoenixsuns 112 atlantahawks 82 home
sanantoniospurs 101 sacramentokings 85 home
torontoraptors 95 houstonrockets 88 home
utahjazz 104 losangeleslakers 78 home
philadelphiaSSers 98 bostonceltics 95 away
indianapacers 109 clevelandcavaliers 104 away
washingtonwizards 103 charlottehornets 96 away
denvernuggets 94 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
miamiheat 92 clevelandcavaliers 86 home
indianapacers 100 bostonceltics 94 away
brooklynnets 111 chicagobulls 106 away
utahjazz 102 goldenstatewarriors 80 away
sanantoniospurs 105 losangeleslakers 96 away
houstonrockets 89 memphisgrizzlies 81 away
orlandomagic 90 neworleanspelicans 89 away
phoenixsuns 108 philadelphiaSSers 98 away
portlandtrailblazers 94 losangelesclippers 81 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 atlantahawks 85 home
torontoraptors 101 detroitpistons 89 home
charlottehornets 111 orlandomagic 100 home
dallasmavericks 112 memphisgrizzlies 88 home
utahjazz 106 denvernuggets 82 away
detroitpistons 99 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
losangelesclippers 94 goldenstatewarriors 86 away
houstonrockets 104 sacramentokings 101 home
indianapacers 100 chicagobulls 90 home
milwaukeebucks 102 clevelandcavaliers 88 home
minnesotatimberwolves 99 neworleanspelicans 92 home
phoenixsuns 112 brooklynnets 80 away
bostonceltics 107 newyorkknicks 73 away
miamiheat 118 washingtonwizards 106 away
losangeleslakers 106 atlantahawks 90 home
oklahomacitythunder 113 sanantoniospurs 94 home
torontoraptors 101 portlandtrailblazers 97 home
dallasmavericks 101 goldenstatewarriors 98 home
detroitpistons 99 losangelesclippers 96 away
utahjazz 102 denvernuggets 91 home
clevelandcavaliers 93 atlantahawks 79 away
phoenixsuns 94 chicagobulls 74 away
oklahomacitythunder 108 denvernuggets 88 away
houstonrockets 90 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
miamiheat 103 washingtonwizards 93 home
indianapacers 102 minnesotatimberwolves 101 away
brooklynnets 64 portlandtrailblazers 60 home
losangeleslakers 106 neworleanspelicans 98 away
newyorkknicks 96 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
orlandomagic 94 dallasmavericks 84 home
sacramentokings 108 torontoraptors 92 home
bostonceltics 90 portlandtrailblazers 88 home
clevelandcavaliers 114 phoenixsuns 109 home
losangelesclippers 102 indianapacers 68 away
memphisgrizzlies 110 losangeleslakers 87 home
milwaukeebucks 102 charlottehornets 100 home
philadelphiaSSers 108 brooklynnets 100 home
sanantoniospurs 91 goldenstatewarriors 71 home
oklahomacitythunder 108 sacramentokings 78 home
torontoraptors 104 utahjazz 95 away
washingtonwizards 106 orlandomagic 96 home
denvernuggets 117 detroitpistons 109 home
minnesotatimberwolves 96 houstonrockets 91 away
dallasmavericks 113 miamiheat 93 away
bostonceltics 91 charlottehornets 74 home
memphisgrizzlies 96 goldenstatewarriors 67 home
atlantahawks 96 neworleanspelicans 95 away
newyorkknicks 110 losangelesclippers 96 home
orlandomagic 122 losangeleslakers 113 home
philadelphiaSSers 106 indianapacers 104 home
sanantoniospurs 93 miamiheat 84 home
oklahomacitythunder 88 torontoraptors 87 home
sanantoniospurs 103 atlantahawks 88 away
goldenstatewarriors 103 charlottehornets 87 away
losangelesclippers 97 chicagobulls 96 away
clevelandcavaliers 105 washingtonwizards 74 home
losangeleslakers 84 houstonrockets 79 away
indianapacers 103 newyorkknicks 97 home
milwaukeebucks 94 neworleanspelicans 91 home
dallasmavericks 94 brooklynnets 78 away
sacramentokings 113 phoenixsuns 111 away
portlandtrailblazers 105 torontoraptors 102 home
utahjazz 108 detroitpistons 93 home
miamiheat 112 milwaukeebucks 110 home
philadelphiaSSers 96 orlandomagic 87 home
sacramentokings 101 denvernuggets 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 118 memphisgrizzlies 113 home
dallasmavericks 122 washingtonwizards 113 away
clevelandcavaliers 99 goldenstatewarriors 88 home
houstonrockets 80 brooklynnets 69 away
atlantahawks 88 houstonrockets 84 home
utahjazz 107 charlottehornets 105 away
phoenixsuns 107 dallasmavericks 101 away
losangelesclippers 101 torontoraptors 89 home
minnesotatimberwolves 108 miamiheat 97 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 philadelphiaSSers 95 away
sacramentokings 113 chicagobulls 106 home
sanantoniospurs 99 newyorkknicks 81 home
denvernuggets 112 torontoraptors 106 home
detroitpistons 93 minnesotatimberwolves 85 home
goldenstatewarriors 98 chicagobulls 85 home
indianapacers 93 atlantahawks 86 home
losangeleslakers 103 losangelesclippers 89 home
miamiheat 113 milwaukeebucks 106 away
oklahomacitythunder 79 brooklynnets 68 away
phoenixsuns 95 neworleanspelicans 84 away
orlandomagic 107 utahjazz 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 101 portlandtrailblazers 82 away
washingtonwizards 110 bostonceltics 105 home
clevelandcavaliers 106 charlottehornets 89 away
newyorkknicks 93 houstonrockets 92 away
sanantoniospurs 88 philadelphiaSSers 80 away
sanantoniospurs 92 bostonceltics 84 away
dallasmavericks 103 newyorkknicks 101 home
denvernuggets 99 chicagobulls 81 home
indianapacers 97 detroitpistons 82 away
miamiheat 107 utahjazz 105 home
phoenixsuns 107 losangeleslakers 102 home
portlandtrailblazers 110 milwaukeebucks 98 home
sacramentokings 107 memphisgrizzlies 105 home
oklahomacitythunder 101 torontoraptors 94 away
utahjazz 92 atlantahawks 79 away
clevelandcavaliers 100 charlottehornets 84 home
memphisgrizzlies 100 goldenstatewarriors 87 away
orlandomagic 86 indianapacers 83 away
houstonrockets 91 losangelesclippers 86 away
washingtonwizards 97 brooklynnets 86 away
minnesotatimberwolves 99 neworleanspelicans 94 away
bostonceltics 102 oklahomacitythunder 83 home
denvernuggets 110 dallasmavericks 82 home
detroitpistons 117 charlottehornets 116 home
phoenixsuns 122 losangelesclippers 111 away
losangeleslakers 102 chicagobulls 93 home
miamiheat 93 philadelphiaSSers 83 home
newyorkknicks 98 clevelandcavaliers 88 home
houstonrockets 97 portlandtrailblazers 93 away
sacramentokings 88 milwaukeebucks 79 home
torontoraptors 96 sanantoniospurs 91 home
minnesotatimberwolves 83 dallasmavericks 82 away
memphisgrizzlies 93 sanantoniospurs 90 home
phoenixsuns 100 chicagobulls 82 home
neworleanspelicans 76 utahjazz 75 away
charlottehornets 91 detroitpistons 89 home
denvernuggets 90 brooklynnets 88 home
goldenstatewarriors 115 neworleanspelicans 109 home
indianapacers 106 bostonceltics 96 home
losangeleslakers 100 milwaukeebucks 96 home
portlandtrailblazers 99 miamiheat 87 away
oklahomacitythunder 103 minnesotatimberwolves 92 away
newyorkknicks 104 atlantahawks 88 home
sacramentokings 102 houstonrockets 96 home
washingtonwizards 102 torontoraptors 86 home
miamiheat 99 atlantahawks 93 away
clevelandcavaliers 92 detroitpistons 76 home
oklahomacitythunder 93 memphisgrizzlies 84 away
portlandtrailblazers 89 orlandomagic 83 away
philadelphiaSSers 110 bostonceltics 97 home
phoenixsuns 111 milwaukeebucks 104 home
sanantoniospurs 94 dallasmavericks 80 home
torontoraptors 114 newyorkknicks 91 home
chicagobulls 101 utahjazz 99 away
indianapacers 106 minnesotatimberwolves 102 home
losangelesclippers 101 brooklynnets 88 home
orlandomagic 117 atlantahawks 99 away
clevelandcavaliers 98 bostonceltics 96 away
dallasmavericks 92 portlandtrailblazers 83 home
sanantoniospurs 89 denvernuggets 75 away
detroitpistons 78 miamiheat 77 home
losangelesclippers 98 goldenstatewarriors 87 away
indianapacers 82 charlottehornets 77 home
sacramentokings 109 losangeleslakers 106 away
minnesotatimberwolves 115 memphisgrizzlies 90 home
philadelphiaSSers 116 washingtonwizards 114 home
phoenixsuns 95 neworleanspelicans 86 home
oklahomacitythunder 92 brooklynnets 79 home
utahjazz 90 houstonrockets 80 home
charlottehornets 107 atlantahawks 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 96 chicagobulls 74 home
denvernuggets 82 houstonrockets 76 away
dallasmavericks 98 memphisgrizzlies 85 away
milwaukeebucks 96 detroitpistons 90 home
newyorkknicks 108 torontoraptors 102 home
orlandomagic 105 philadelphiaSSers 99 home
sanantoniospurs 109 utahjazz 76 home
losangelesclippers 103 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
losangeleslakers 89 neworleanspelicans 76 home
miamiheat 106 bostonceltics 104 home
portlandtrailblazers 83 brooklynnets 71 home
minnesotatimberwolves 121 sacramentokings 110 away
oklahomacitythunder 103 indianapacers 95 home
washingtonwizards 114 torontoraptors 109 away
denvernuggets 76 neworleanspelicans 67 home
losangelesclippers 94 clevelandcavaliers 82 home
bostonceltics 117 orlandomagic 101 away
newyorkknicks 110 atlantahawks 109 away
sanantoniospurs 107 dallasmavericks 89 away
detroitpistons 93 houstonrockets 72 away
sacramentokings 98 memphisgrizzlies 93 away
torontoraptors 94 miamiheat 92 away
losangeleslakers 95 milwaukeebucks 90 away
brooklynnets 99 charlottehornets 86 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 oklahomacitythunder 94 home
phoenixsuns 115 utahjazz 102 away
bostonceltics 101 milwaukeebucks 100 home
chicagobulls 92 losangeleslakers 84 home
minnesotatimberwolves 107 goldenstatewarriors 99 away
losangelesclippers 88 indianapacers 76 home
sacramentokings 94 neworleanspelicans 81 away
newyorkknicks 90 memphisgrizzlies 82 home
orlandomagic 129 torontoraptors 108 home
phoenixsuns 120 clevelandcavaliers 101 home
sanantoniospurs 105 philadelphiaSSers 72 home
oklahomacitythunder 129 utahjazz 119 home
washingtonwizards 95 brooklynnets 68 home
dallasmavericks 113 houstonrockets 106 home
clevelandcavaliers 92 denvernuggets 73 away
washingtonwizards 114 atlantahawks 90 away
bostonceltics 91 torontoraptors 89 home
miamiheat 105 chicagobulls 81 away
losangeleslakers 97 goldenstatewarriors 88 home
memphisgrizzlies 94 philadelphiaSSers 86 home
orlandomagic 104 newyorkknicks 98 away
minnesotatimberwolves 97 phoenixsuns 93 away
sacramentokings 113 indianapacers 87 home
sanantoniospurs 80 detroitpistons 77 home
charlottehornets 107 newyorkknicks 101 home
clevelandcavaliers 105 torontoraptors 97 home
dallasmavericks 109 utahjazz 86 home
denvernuggets 104 miamiheat 95 home
goldenstatewarriors 104 indianapacers 96 home
houstonrockets 77 philadelphiaSSers 76 home
minnesotatimberwolves 107 losangelesclippers 100 away
sanantoniospurs 104 milwaukeebucks 83 away
brooklynnets 109 atlantahawks 88 home
detroitpistons 92 neworleanspelicans 69 away
orlandomagic 96 memphisgrizzlies 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 99 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
washingtonwizards 95 chicagobulls 88 home
phoenixsuns 121 portlandtrailblazers 99 away
sacramentokings 119 bostonceltics 105 home
atlantahawks 96 philadelphiaSSers 92 home
sanantoniospurs 91 chicagobulls 75 away
detroitpistons 101 dallasmavericks 85 away
denvernuggets 115 orlandomagic 102 home
goldenstatewarriors 110 bostonceltics 106 home
losangelesclippers 99 charlottehornets 93 home
brooklynnets 88 torontoraptors 86 home
miamiheat 100 utahjazz 80 away
sacramentokings 109 charlottehornets 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 103 brooklynnets 97 home
houstonrockets 89 neworleanspelicans 81 home
milwaukeebucks 89 indianapacers 86 away
memphisgrizzlies 96 newyorkknicks 88 home
dallasmavericks 97 minnesotatimberwolves 87 away
phoenixsuns 118 goldenstatewarriors 104 home
memphisgrizzlies 97 atlantahawks 89 away
chicagobulls 113 clevelandcavaliers 85 home
detroitpistons 90 torontoraptors 86 home
phoenixsuns 113 losangeleslakers 110 away
miamiheat 101 milwaukeebucks 96 away
newyorkknicks 86 neworleanspelicans 79 away
minnesotatimberwolves 119 philadelphiaSSers 84 away
oklahomacitythunder 102 sanantoniospurs 96 away
orlandomagic 106 utahjazz 100 away
denvernuggets 111 washingtonwizards 105 away
oklahomacitythunder 107 dallasmavericks 102 away
houstonrockets 81 sanantoniospurs 80 home
portlandtrailblazers 89 bostonceltics 87 home
philadelphiaSSers 93 chicagobulls 88 away
atlantahawks 88 detroitpistons 72 away
orlandomagic 113 goldenstatewarriors 109 away
miamiheat 92 memphisgrizzlies 84 home
milwaukeebucks 95 indianapacers 86 home
minnesotatimberwolves 113 sacramentokings 105 home
brooklynnets 94 neworleanspelicans 91 home
phoenixsuns 115 charlottehornets 106 home
denvernuggets 101 torontoraptors 87 away
utahjazz 92 portlandtrailblazers 87 home
washingtonwizards 106 newyorkknicks 104 home
brooklynnets 95 atlantahawks 90 away
chicagobulls 99 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
dallasmavericks 102 houstonrockets 78 away
sacramentokings 97 indianapacers 92 away
losangeleslakers 89 losangelesclippers 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 72 detroitpistons 68 home
sanantoniospurs 116 clevelandcavaliers 97 home
bostonceltics 98 oklahomacitythunder 84 away
goldenstatewarriors 99 charlottehornets 87 home
losangeleslakers 105 orlandomagic 98 home
newyorkknicks 107 denvernuggets 96 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 milwaukeebucks 101 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 utahjazz 88 home
miamiheat 106 torontoraptors 98 away
washingtonwizards 88 neworleanspelicans 69 home
dallasmavericks 94 chicagobulls 93 away
bostonceltics 134 losangelesclippers 127 away
clevelandcavaliers 92 memphisgrizzlies 86 away
miamiheat 106 washingtonwizards 83 home
phoenixsuns 121 orlandomagic 100 home
indianapacers 108 atlantahawks 97 away
charlottehornets 94 neworleanspelicans 93 home
goldenstatewarriors 111 dallasmavericks 107 away
sacramentokings 89 milwaukeebucks 86 away
minnesotatimberwolves 100 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
newyorkknicks 87 brooklynnets 79 away
philadelphiaSSers 110 denvernuggets 102 home
oklahomacitythunder 108 losangeleslakers 93 home
utahjazz 93 losangelesclippers 91 home
denvernuggets 100 bostonceltics 99 away
clevelandcavaliers 112 portlandtrailblazers 88 home
houstonrockets 92 atlantahawks 69 home
chicagobulls 96 memphisgrizzlies 88 away
neworleanspelicans 98 goldenstatewarriors 89 home
detroitpistons 94 newyorkknicks 93 away
phoenixsuns 108 utahjazz 86 home
sanantoniospurs 94 orlandomagic 91 home
torontoraptors 96 minnesotatimberwolves 90 home
miamiheat 98 washingtonwizards 93 away
chicagobulls 85 milwaukeebucks 77 home
detroitpistons 81 clevelandcavaliers 69 home
losangeleslakers 115 sacramentokings 99 away
portlandtrailblazers 100 atlantahawks 84 away
bostonceltics 114 utahjazz 106 home
houstonrockets 100 goldenstatewarriors 83 home
indianapacers 89 torontoraptors 86 home
washingtonwizards 120 losangeleslakers 116 away
memphisgrizzlies 89 brooklynnets 84 home
miamiheat 107 denvernuggets 100 home
minnesotatimberwolves 113 losangelesclippers 86 home
sanantoniospurs 83 neworleanspelicans 67 away
newyorkknicks 113 philadelphiaSSers 107 away
phoenixsuns 112 oklahomacitythunder 110 away
charlottehornets 101 houstonrockets 100 home
chicagobulls 85 indianapacers 71 home
bostonceltics 114 clevelandcavaliers 107 away
dallasmavericks 90 atlantahawks 68 home
portlandtrailblazers 75 detroitpistons 74 away
philadelphiaSSers 116 milwaukeebucks 97 away
orlandomagic 117 denvernuggets 95 home
phoenixsuns 110 washingtonwizards 96 home
sanantoniospurs 104 goldenstatewarriors 85 home
memphisgrizzlies 92 losangelesclippers 82 away
miamiheat 117 orlandomagic 107 home
newyorkknicks 94 utahjazz 93 home
sacramentokings 107 neworleanspelicans 71 home
torontoraptors 110 brooklynnets 99 home
chicagobulls 92 portlandtrailblazers 87 home
phoenixsuns 107 denvernuggets 105 away
washingtonwizards 103 goldenstatewarriors 101 away
houstonrockets 114 torontoraptors 102 home
memphisgrizzlies 82 losangeleslakers 72 away
utahjazz 103 philadelphiaSSers 101 away
brooklynnets 94 charlottehornets 91 away
clevelandcavaliers 107 minnesotatimberwolves 97 home
losangelesclippers 100 neworleanspelicans 91 home
miamiheat 108 bostonceltics 100 home
dallasmavericks 123 newyorkknicks 94 away
sacramentokings 104 washingtonwizards 93 home
atlantahawks 113 dallasmavericks 100 home
bostonceltics 114 newyorkknicks 109 home
chicagobulls 89 detroitpistons 82 away
goldenstatewarriors 109 memphisgrizzlies 99 home
charlottehornets 90 houstonrockets 87 away
philadelphiaSSers 102 indianapacers 90 away
losangeleslakers 101 neworleanspelicans 89 home
portlandtrailblazers 104 milwaukeebucks 95 away
brooklynnets 92 clevelandcavaliers 90 home
orlandomagic 93 sanantoniospurs 87 home
oklahomacitythunder 98 denvernuggets 83 home
torontoraptors 98 utahjazz 86 home
phoenixsuns 109 memphisgrizzlies 102 home
miamiheat 109 sacramentokings 107 away
sanantoniospurs 96 minnesotatimberwolves 82 home
detroitpistons 98 indianapacers 93 away
miamiheat 104 losangeleslakers 102 away
clevelandcavaliers 100 neworleanspelicans 91 home
dallasmavericks 102 denvernuggets 88 away
houstonrockets 96 losangelesclippers 79 home
milwaukeebucks 99 chicagobulls 92 home
minnesotatimberwolves 109 washingtonwizards 74 home
newyorkknicks 91 charlottehornets 82 home
phoenixsuns 106 torontoraptors 94 home
goldenstatewarriors 98 sacramentokings 94 away
sanantoniospurs 107 bostonceltics 90 home
detroitpistons 100 brooklynnets 90 home
goldenstatewarriors 104 denvernuggets 101 home
indianapacers 100 neworleanspelicans 82 home
memphisgrizzlies 96 losangelesclippers 76 home
miamiheat 116 atlantahawks 102 home
newyorkknicks 119 orlandomagic 111 away
philadelphiaSSers 111 portlandtrailblazers 104 away
oklahomacitythunder 98 utahjazz 88 away
washingtonwizards 106 charlottehornets 87 home
clevelandcavaliers 111 atlantahawks 102 away
brooklynnets 84 chicagobulls 80 away
dallasmavericks 113 bostonceltics 94 home
losangeleslakers 117 torontoraptors 99 home
milwaukeebucks 115 houstonrockets 87 home
sanantoniospurs 115 phoenixsuns 94 home
philadelphiaSSers 114 oklahomacitythunder 107 away
indianapacers 74 charlottehornets 71 away
houstonrockets 98 clevelandcavaliers 87 away
goldenstatewarriors 111 torontoraptors 105 home
losangelesclippers 101 utahjazz 90 home
memphisgrizzlies 117 bostonceltics 109 home
phoenixsuns 107 neworleanspelicans 96 away
newyorkknicks 100 minnesotatimberwolves 87 home
milwaukeebucks 111 orlandomagic 105 away
detroitpistons 107 washingtonwizards 105 away
oklahomacitythunder 94 atlantahawks 79 away
miamiheat 89 detroitpistons 78 away
indianapacers 96 brooklynnets 83 away
sanantoniospurs 114 portlandtrailblazers 80 away
bostonceltics 108 washingtonwizards 103 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 charlottehornets 97 away
denvernuggets 97 philadelphiaSSers 92 home
houstonrockets 105 milwaukeebucks 90 home
sanantoniospurs 98 losangelesclippers 79 away
sacramentokings 109 utahjazz 102 away
chicagobulls 105 orlandomagic 90 home
miamiheat 113 charlottehornets 90 home
memphisgrizzlies 104 minnesotatimberwolves 95 away
brooklynnets 93 newyorkknicks 87 away
portlandtrailblazers 97 goldenstatewarriors 88 home
dallasmavericks 123 milwaukeebucks 104 home
detroitpistons 100 bostonceltics 88 home
houstonrockets 99 utahjazz 80 home
losangelesclippers 89 philadelphiaSSers 83 home
losangeleslakers 99 denvernuggets 91 home
phoenixsuns 117 portlandtrailblazers 98 home
sacramentokings 86 sanantoniospurs 81 home
washingtonwizards 104 atlantahawks 101 home
bostonceltics 108 neworleanspelicans 90 home
clevelandcavaliers 94 charlottehornets 83 away
detroitpistons 87 chicagobulls 80 away
losangelesclippers 102 denvernuggets 98 away
philadelphiaSSers 112 goldenstatewarriors 104 away
memphisgrizzlies 92 utahjazz 82 home
oklahomacitythunder 98 miamiheat 96 away
torontoraptors 105 orlandomagic 94 home
indianapacers 116 milwaukeebucks 99 home
phoenixsuns 122 minnesotatimberwolves 115 away
sacramentokings 105 newyorkknicks 98 away
sanantoniospurs 100 losangeleslakers 83 home
washingtonwizards 112 brooklynnets 88 home
bostonceltics 84 goldenstatewarriors 83 home
charlottehornets 102 minnesotatimberwolves 84 home
clevelandcavaliers 101 atlantahawks 85 home
dallasmavericks 118 losangeleslakers 104 home
phoenixsuns 108 houstonrockets 98 away
losangelesclippers 102 portlandtrailblazers 98 home
miamiheat 102 newyorkknicks 94 home
milwaukeebucks 97 brooklynnets 74 home
chicagobulls 95 neworleanspelicans 89 away
orlandomagic 105 oklahomacitythunder 87 home
torontoraptors 96 sacramentokings 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 106 utahjazz 99 away
memphisgrizzlies 101 detroitpistons 79 away
sanantoniospurs 111 indianapacers 98 home
washingtonwizards 107 oklahomacitythunder 96 home
sacramentokings 100 atlantahawks 97 away
detroitpistons 110 bostonceltics 104 away
chicagobulls 84 utahjazz 78 home
losangeleslakers 111 houstonrockets 104 home
memphisgrizzlies 84 neworleanspelicans 76 home
minnesotatimberwolves 89 philadelphiaSSers 84 home
brooklynnets 82 goldenstatewarriors 72 home
orlandomagic 111 charlottehornets 91 home
miamiheat 103 portlandtrailblazers 92 away
milwaukeebucks 107 torontoraptors 105 away
chicagobulls 102 bostonceltics 91 home
clevelandcavaliers 104 newyorkknicks 79 home
dallasmavericks 121 indianapacers 101 home
phoenixsuns 108 losangelesclippers 91 away
milwaukeebucks 89 utahjazz 86 home
neworleanspelicans 121 sacramentokings 117 home
orlandomagic 104 brooklynnets 101 home
sanantoniospurs 99 denvernuggets 90 home
washingtonwizards 117 minnesotatimberwolves 114 home
houstonrockets 116 denvernuggets 98 away
newyorkknicks 113 portlandtrailblazers 105 home
phoenixsuns 124 indianapacers 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 108 miamiheat 98 home
torontoraptors 109 goldenstatewarriors 87 home
bostonceltics 119 orlandomagic 101 home
chicagobulls 94 goldenstatewarriors 85 home
losangeleslakers 105 minnesotatimberwolves 96 away
portlandtrailblazers 109 philadelphiaSSers 100 away
utahjazz 97 sanantoniospurs 96 home
atlantahawks 103 milwaukeebucks 80 home
clevelandcavaliers 100 charlottehornets 98 home
indianapacers 86 memphisgrizzlies 85 away
detroitpistons 89 brooklynnets 80 away
neworleanspelicans 88 newyorkknicks 82 away
phoenixsuns 122 miamiheat 107 home
sacramentokings 109 denvernuggets 100 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 losangelesclippers 99 home
chicagobulls 110 philadelphiaSSers 78 home
houstonrockets 124 dallasmavericks 114 away
denvernuggets 95 losangeleslakers 83 home
detroitpistons 90 neworleanspelicans 76 home
miamiheat 98 goldenstatewarriors 91 away
losangelesclippers 103 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
orlandomagic 87 minnesotatimberwolves 80 away
sanantoniospurs 94 milwaukeebucks 79 home
torontoraptors 104 bostonceltics 93 home
utahjazz 115 phoenixsuns 108 home
washingtonwizards 104 portlandtrailblazers 100 home
sacramentokings 107 utahjazz 93 home
houstonrockets 94 brooklynnets 85 home
losangeleslakers 98 clevelandcavaliers 94 home
bostonceltics 106 atlantahawks 94 home
memphisgrizzlies 109 charlottehornets 89 away
minnesotatimberwolves 93 denvernuggets 83 away
detroitpistons 101 orlandomagic 94 home
indianapacers 101 phoenixsuns 83 home
losangelesclippers 114 miamiheat 112 home
washingtonwizards 105 milwaukeebucks 103 away
neworleanspelicans 112 portlandtrailblazers 106 home
philadelphiaSSers 106 torontoraptors 96 home
sanantoniospurs 98 dallasmavericks 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 goldenstatewarriors 84 home
atlantahawks 103 charlottehornets 95 home
chicagobulls 86 newyorkknicks 84 home
dallasmavericks 98 brooklynnets 93 home
detroitpistons 99 philadelphiaSSers 95 home
losangeleslakers 104 goldenstatewarriors 102 away
houstonrockets 73 sanantoniospurs 67 home
orlandomagic 85 indianapacers 84 away
memphisgrizzlies 101 milwaukeebucks 82 home
minnesotatimberwolves 92 portlandtrailblazers 84 home
sacramentokings 99 losangelesclippers 95 home
clevelandcavaliers 84 utahjazz 71 away
washingtonwizards 108 phoenixsuns 103 home
oklahomacitythunder 105 clevelandcavaliers 97 home
torontoraptors 102 neworleanspelicans 99 home
brooklynnets 85 atlantahawks 84 away
milwaukeebucks 99 charlottehornets 92 away
detroitpistons 94 phoenixsuns 80 home
goldenstatewarriors 107 denvernuggets 97 home
sacramentokings 89 losangelesclippers 83 away
utahjazz 102 losangeleslakers 94 away
memphisgrizzlies 99 houstonrockets 80 home
torontoraptors 100 minnesotatimberwolves 91 away
chicagobulls 88 newyorkknicks 86 away
philadelphiaSSers 95 neworleanspelicans 91 home
sanantoniospurs 101 washingtonwizards 73 home
dallasmavericks 137 washingtonwizards 120 home
indianapacers 87 houstonrockets 74 away
orlandomagic 103 detroitpistons 101 home
sacramentokings 113 portlandtrailblazers 107 home
denvernuggets 116 oklahomacitythunder 110 away
bostonceltics 92 chicagobulls 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 charlottehornets 105 away
losangeleslakers 93 minnesotatimberwolves 90 home
miamiheat 111 atlantahawks 92 home
brooklynnets 96 milwaukeebucks 90 home
neworleanspelicans 90 indianapacers 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 88 phoenixsuns 79 away
clevelandcavaliers 107 portlandtrailblazers 101 away
sanantoniospurs 80 losangelesclippers 79 home
torontoraptors 98 newyorkknicks 81 home
dallasmavericks 99 losangelesclippers 77 home
houstonrockets 108 orlandomagic 99 away
sacramentokings 123 clevelandcavaliers 96 home
dallasmavericks 105 charlottehornets 99 away
chicagobulls 95 atlantahawks 85 home
denvernuggets 92 memphisgrizzlies 82 home
losangeleslakers 105 goldenstatewarriors 101 home
indianapacers 106 miamiheat 100 away
milwaukeebucks 89 detroitpistons 86 home
brooklynnets 104 bostonceltics 98 home
houstonrockets 92 newyorkknicks 91 away
sanantoniospurs 128 phoenixsuns 123 away
minnesotatimberwolves 112 oklahomacitythunder 107 away
washingtonwizards 118 torontoraptors 109 home
atlantahawks 100 bostonceltics 96 home
chicagobulls 100 detroitpistons 89 away
clevelandcavaliers 105 goldenstatewarriors 87 away
washingtonwizards 95 indianapacers 93 away
neworleanspelicans 88 losangelesclippers 85 home
orlandomagic 115 philadelphiaSSers 111 home
minnesotatimberwolves 92 portlandtrailblazers 83 away
memphisgrizzlies 110 utahjazz 94 away
dallasmavericks 95 denvernuggets 93 home
miamiheat 97 neworleanspelicans 68 home
milwaukeebucks 101 newyorkknicks 96 away
phoenixsuns 113 brooklynnets 105 home
sanantoniospurs 103 sacramentokings 73 away
oklahomacitythunder 122 utahjazz 105 home
torontoraptors 103 charlottehornets 92 home
chicagobulls 107 atlantahawks 82 away
washingtonwizards 106 clevelandcavaliers 97 away
houstonrockets 89 orlandomagic 78 home
losangelesclippers 97 dallasmavericks 87 home
minnesotatimberwolves 86 detroitpistons 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 106 miamiheat 98 home
portlandtrailblazers 107 sanantoniospurs 99 home
bostonceltics 97 charlottehornets 92 away
chicagobulls 111 denvernuggets 107 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 losangeleslakers 93 away
memphisgrizzlies 95 orlandomagic 83 home
phoenixsuns 133 newyorkknicks 118 away
sacramentokings 113 brooklynnets 93 home
bostonceltics 100 indianapacers 86 home
clevelandcavaliers 114 memphisgrizzlies 111 home
detroitpistons 87 denvernuggets 70 home
brooklynnets 113 goldenstatewarriors 99 away
losangelesclippers 105 losangeleslakers 89 home
phoenixsuns 121 milwaukeebucks 115 away
minnesotatimberwolves 104 atlantahawks 87 home
houstonrockets 82 neworleanspelicans 77 away
dallasmavericks 95 portlandtrailblazers 88 away
miamiheat 111 torontoraptors 96 away
utahjazz 109 oklahomacitythunder 100 home
washingtonwizards 117 philadelphiaSSers 107 home
chicagobulls 101 charlottehornets 93 home
detroitpistons 88 indianapacers 76 away
sanantoniospurs 90 sacramentokings 80 home
miamiheat 106 atlantahawks 96 away
phoenixsuns 128 bostonceltics 119 away
charlottehornets 101 torontoraptors 94 home
oklahomacitythunder 88 goldenstatewarriors 85 away
sacramentokings 117 houstonrockets 111 away
brooklynnets 109 losangeleslakers 103 away
denvernuggets 106 milwaukeebucks 100 away
minnesotatimberwolves 93 utahjazz 91 home
neworleanspelicans 99 philadelphiaSSers 95 home
newyorkknicks 99 clevelandcavaliers 96 home
orlandomagic 108 washingtonwizards 101 home
portlandtrailblazers 90 losangelesclippers 86 home
bostonceltics 101 chicagobulls 97 away
philadelphiaSSers 93 dallasmavericks 89 away
detroitpistons 91 newyorkknicks 61 home
denvernuggets 95 indianapacers 88 away
losangelesclippers 96 goldenstatewarriors 85 home
memphisgrizzlies 84 atlantahawks 83 home
sanantoniospurs 93 neworleanspelicans 83 home
brooklynnets 99 utahjazz 82 away
orlandomagic 103 washingtonwizards 97 away
clevelandcavaliers 104 milwaukeebucks 87 home
losangeleslakers 101 charlottehornets 90 home
miamiheat 104 houstonrockets 95 home
sacramentokings 94 minnesotatimberwolves 84 away
phoenixsuns 123 torontoraptors 105 away
atlantahawks 80 orlandomagic 79 home
houstonrockets 97 bostonceltics 94 away
losangelesclippers 96 newyorkknicks 89 home
memphisgrizzlies 98 neworleanspelicans 91 away
philadelphiaSSers 89 indianapacers 88 home
sanantoniospurs 103 oklahomacitythunder 84 away
dallasmavericks 109 miamiheat 104 home
denvernuggets 96 newyorkknicks 76 home
losangeleslakers 92 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
memphisgrizzlies 108 phoenixsuns 97 home
milwaukeebucks 91 minnesotatimberwolves 86 home
brooklynnets 107 chicagobulls 97 home
orlandomagic 105 clevelandcavaliers 102 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 sacramentokings 101 away
charlottehornets 109 utahjazz 105 away
detroitpistons 105 washingtonwizards 96 away
bostonceltics 110 brooklynnets 89 home
detroitpistons 99 atlantahawks 84 home
sacramentokings 111 goldenstatewarriors 107 away
torontoraptors 98 indianapacers 97 away
phoenixsuns 108 minnesotatimberwolves 79 away
dallasmavericks 90 neworleanspelicans 82 away
houstonrockets 118 philadelphiaSSers 95 away
portlandtrailblazers 97 denvernuggets 94 home
sanantoniospurs 103 losangeleslakers 91 away
losangelesclippers 106 memphisgrizzlies 103 away
miamiheat 100 clevelandcavaliers 88 home
bostonceltics 112 orlandomagic 100 home
goldenstatewarriors 90 neworleanspelicans 82 home
indianapacers 95 dallasmavericks 94 home
milwaukeebucks 92 losangelesclippers 90 home
houstonrockets 119 minnesotatimberwolves 113 away
philadelphiaSSers 103 atlantahawks 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 101 charlottehornets 89 home
sacramentokings 116 newyorkknicks 115 home
torontoraptors 103 washingtonwizards 100 home
indianapacers 84 atlantahawks 79 away
clevelandcavaliers 101 orlandomagic 92 home
denvernuggets 107 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
miamiheat 108 chicagobulls 97 home
brooklynnets 107 detroitpistons 85 home
phoenixsuns 114 newyorkknicks 106 home
portlandtrailblazers 114 sacramentokings 108 home
oklahomacitythunder 113 charlottehornets 99 home
utahjazz 108 neworleanspelicans 92 home
washingtonwizards 112 milwaukeebucks 94 home
houstonrockets 103 losangeleslakers 102 home
bostonceltics 103 minnesotatimberwolves 100 away
philadelphiaSSers 106 losangelesclippers 104 home
dallasmavericks 122 torontoraptors 113 away
atlantahawks 114 losangeleslakers 108 home
miamiheat 105 goldenstatewarriors 96 home
brooklynnets 107 philadelphiaSSers 97 home
newyorkknicks 102 utahjazz 99 away
washingtonwizards 108 indianapacers 104 home
sanantoniospurs 104 charlottehornets 85 away
clevelandcavaliers 104 torontoraptors 91 home
chicagobulls 107 dallasmavericks 100 away
denvernuggets 97 utahjazz 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 108 minnesotatimberwolves 96 home
milwaukeebucks 121 bostonceltics 97 home
goldenstatewarriors 113 orlandomagic 109 away
phoenixsuns 125 sacramentokings 123 away
oklahomacitythunder 108 neworleanspelicans 91 home
bostonceltics 94 losangelesclippers 89 home
houstonrockets 105 chicagobulls 92 home
indianapacers 94 charlottehornets 87 home
minnesotatimberwolves 98 denvernuggets 92 home
losangeleslakers 104 brooklynnets 103 away
miamiheat 116 newyorkknicks 110 away
memphisgrizzlies 98 philadelphiaSSers 95 away
neworleanspelicans 91 portlandtrailblazers 80 away
milwaukeebucks 110 torontoraptors 107 away
washingtonwizards 95 sanantoniospurs 87 home
detroitpistons 103 losangeleslakers 81 home
orlandomagic 101 atlantahawks 96 home
oklahomacitythunder 115 sacramentokings 107 home
bostonceltics 111 newyorkknicks 94 home
miamiheat 97 charlottehornets 87 away
denvernuggets 106 clevelandcavaliers 101 away
houstonrockets 91 indianapacers 83 away
memphisgrizzlies 88 portlandtrailblazers 82 home
sanantoniospurs 101 brooklynnets 91 away
neworleanspelicans 111 goldenstatewarriors 108 home
oklahomacitythunder 113 phoenixsuns 105 away
dallasmavericks 115 sacramentokings 113 away
philadelphiaSSers 106 torontoraptors 91 away
utahjazz 100 minnesotatimberwolves 82 home
washingtonwizards 94 losangelesclippers 91 home
detroitpistons 107 washingtonwizards 86 home
milwaukeebucks 113 atlantahawks 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 112 orlandomagic 99 home
sacramentokings 104 bostonceltics 100 away
clevelandcavaliers 103 losangeleslakers 89 home
phoenixsuns 106 goldenstatewarriors 102 away
houstonrockets 81 portlandtrailblazers 80 home
indianapacers 76 memphisgrizzlies 73 home
miamiheat 96 sanantoniospurs 92 home
chicagobulls 87 minnesotatimberwolves 83 away
brooklynnets 94 denvernuggets 79 home
newyorkknicks 102 charlottehornets 99 home
orlandomagic 97 neworleanspelicans 94 home
dallasmavericks 95 oklahomacitythunder 92 away
torontoraptors 109 losangelesclippers 106 home
portlandtrailblazers 80 charlottehornets 77 away
detroitpistons 107 milwaukeebucks 83 home
neworleanspelicans 98 washingtonwizards 96 home
philadelphiaSSers 106 newyorkknicks 105 home
phoenixsuns 136 utahjazz 128 home
denvernuggets 100 atlantahawks 96 away
chicagobulls 107 sacramentokings 102 home
dallasmavericks 114 goldenstatewarriors 107 away
houstonrockets 123 washingtonwizards 93 home
losangeleslakers 102 utahjazz 95 home
minnesotatimberwolves 82 brooklynnets 71 home
orlandomagic 99 losangelesclippers 94 home
brooklynnets 96 sacramentokings 85 home
sanantoniospurs 101 neworleanspelicans 78 away
newyorkknicks 108 milwaukeebucks 90 home
detroitpistons 93 philadelphiaSSers 75 away
goldenstatewarriors 117 oklahomacitythunder 110 away
chicagobulls 121 torontoraptors 115 away
bostonceltics 90 memphisgrizzlies 88 home
charlottehornets 94 denvernuggets 88 home
clevelandcavaliers 111 atlantahawks 89 home
indianapacers 95 portlandtrailblazers 87 home
miamiheat 113 losangelesclippers 95 home
minnesotatimberwolves 94 clevelandcavaliers 88 home
dallasmavericks 119 phoenixsuns 113 away
milwaukeebucks 112 charlottehornets 102 away
chicagobulls 105 miamiheat 101 home
detroitpistons 97 newyorkknicks 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 87 houstonrockets 85 away
losangeleslakers 104 bostonceltics 95 home
torontoraptors 100 brooklynnets 82 away
indianapacers 108 orlandomagic 84 away
sacramentokings 114 atlantahawks 104 home
clevelandcavaliers 100 chicagobulls 91 home
denvernuggets 107 bostonceltics 86 home
goldenstatewarriors 101 atlantahawks 96 home
indianapacers 93 miamiheat 91 home
milwaukeebucks 100 brooklynnets 81 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 neworleanspelicans 85 away
phoenixsuns 118 losangelesclippers 101 home
losangeleslakers 86 portlandtrailblazers 83 away
sanantoniospurs 99 houstonrockets 81 home
dallasmavericks 101 utahjazz 83 away
washingtonwizards 93 memphisgrizzlies 83 home
dallasmavericks 122 sacramentokings 113 home
losangelesclippers 92 minnesotatimberwolves 86 home
newyorkknicks 113 philadelphiaSSers 101 home
chicagobulls 97 washingtonwizards 90 home
indianapacers 106 clevelandcavaliers 82 home
detroitpistons 111 losangeleslakers 90 away
denvernuggets 97 memphisgrizzlies 94 away
torontoraptors 106 milwaukeebucks 102 away
brooklynnets 93 charlottehornets 86 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 atlantahawks 101 home
oklahomacitythunder 98 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
bostonceltics 109 utahjazz 102 away
chicagobulls 94 charlottehornets 90 away
phoenixsuns 124 dallasmavericks 123 away
miamiheat 101 orlandomagic 98 home
newyorkknicks 90 indianapacers 79 home
sacramentokings 101 philadelphiaSSers 99 away
memphisgrizzlies 84 sanantoniospurs 82 away
detroitpistons 94 goldenstatewarriors 88 away
utahjazz 99 houstonrockets 92 away
losangelesclippers 111 atlantahawks 104 home
milwaukeebucks 99 oklahomacitythunder 73 home
brooklynnets 104 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
denvernuggets 94 neworleanspelicans 93 away
miamiheat 112 orlandomagic 103 away
bostonceltics 120 phoenixsuns 113 away
minnesotatimberwolves 91 portlandtrailblazers 83 away
torontoraptors 108 losangeleslakers 102 home
sacramentokings 110 washingtonwizards 108 away
sanantoniospurs 94 clevelandcavaliers 92 away
dallasmavericks 90 neworleanspelicans 86 home
newyorkknicks 117 losangeleslakers 115 home
utahjazz 87 losangelesclippers 86 home
charlottehornets 94 sacramentokings 87 home
houstonrockets 119 chicagobulls 89 away
denvernuggets 97 atlantahawks 74 home
oklahomacitythunder 101 indianapacers 93 away
memphisgrizzlies 99 goldenstatewarriors 97 home
philadelphiaSSers 118 milwaukeebucks 111 away
detroitpistons 103 portlandtrailblazers 93 away
bostonceltics 104 losangeleslakers 101 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 clevelandcavaliers 86 away
losangelesclippers 101 dallasmavericks 92 home
goldenstatewarriors 99 minnesotatimberwolves 93 away
neworleanspelicans 94 charlottehornets 85 home
orlandomagic 114 sacramentokings 111 home
brooklynnets 99 philadelphiaSSers 93 away
sanantoniospurs 92 torontoraptors 86 home
utahjazz 96 atlantahawks 74 home
washingtonwizards 101 houstonrockets 98 home
denvernuggets 96 indianapacers 87 home
miamiheat 106 brooklynnets 90 away
phoenixsuns 100 detroitpistons 97 home
bostonceltics 104 charlottehornets 84 home
losangeleslakers 108 dallasmavericks 103 home
memphisgrizzlies 86 torontoraptors 75 home
miamiheat 104 sacramentokings 83 home
minnesotatimberwolves 103 milwaukeebucks 97 home
neworleanspelicans 92 utahjazz 85 home
orlandomagic 111 newyorkknicks 89 home
philadelphiaSSers 98 clevelandcavaliers 89 home
indianapacers 106 portlandtrailblazers 97 away
sanantoniospurs 102 chicagobulls 99 home
oklahomacitythunder 95 detroitpistons 87 home
goldenstatewarriors 103 washingtonwizards 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 98 atlantahawks 97 away
washingtonwizards 86 charlottehornets 84 away
denvernuggets 105 losangelesclippers 89 away
milwaukeebucks 95 chicagobulls 87 home
orlandomagic 105 brooklynnets 81 away
phoenixsuns 129 portlandtrailblazers 116 home
minnesotatimberwolves 99 bostonceltics 97 away
miamiheat 102 clevelandcavaliers 82 away
houstonrockets 90 dallasmavericks 69 home
losangeleslakers 103 indianapacers 94 home
torontoraptors 95 neworleanspelicans 84 away
newyorkknicks 115 goldenstatewarriors 99 home
sacramentokings 100 detroitpistons 85 home
sanantoniospurs 101 utahjazz 94 home
phoenixsuns 110 oklahomacitythunder 99 away
chicagobulls 90 milwaukeebucks 85 home
dallasmavericks 113 torontoraptors 105 home
denvernuggets 111 portlandtrailblazers 98 home
memphisgrizzlies 105 losangelesclippers 102 away
miamiheat 108 philadelphiaSSers 100 home
clevelandcavaliers 111 orlandomagic 92 home
losangelesclippers 110 losangeleslakers 101 home
milwaukeebucks 105 atlantahawks 101 home
minnesotatimberwolves 102 charlottehornets 97 home
newyorkknicks 93 washingtonwizards 83 home
goldenstatewarriors 104 philadelphiaSSers 85 away
sacramentokings 85 memphisgrizzlies 82 home
sanantoniospurs 90 brooklynnets 74 home
houstonrockets 97 oklahomacitythunder 95 away
indianapacers 89 utahjazz 83 away
bostonceltics 95 atlantahawks 91 home
detroitpistons 92 goldenstatewarriors 88 home
brooklynnets 86 neworleanspelicans 85 away
phoenixsuns 107 sanantoniospurs 101 home
chicagobulls 97 portlandtrailblazers 84 away
torontoraptors 106 orlandomagic 96 home
losangeleslakers 100 dallasmavericks 95 away
miamiheat 107 minnesotatimberwolves 90 home
bostonceltics 115 detroitpistons 113 home
indianapacers 101 goldenstatewarriors 83 home
dallasmavericks 112 milwaukeebucks 110 away
minnesotatimberwolves 101 orlandomagic 96 away
philadelphiaSSers 112 charlottehornets 80 home
houstonrockets 127 phoenixsuns 107 away
sacramentokings 113 losangelesclippers 112 home
chicagobulls 100 oklahomacitythunder 97 away
atlantahawks 116 torontoraptors 112 away
memphisgrizzlies 94 utahjazz 82 away
goldenstatewarriors 105 atlantahawks 92 away
losangeleslakers 117 charlottehornets 116 away
miamiheat 90 brooklynnets 65 home
neworleanspelicans 111 milwaukeebucks 107 home
portlandtrailblazers 80 memphisgrizzlies 66 home
denvernuggets 90 sanantoniospurs 87 away
bostonceltics 105 washingtonwizards 101 home
clevelandcavaliers 98 indianapacers 86 home
phoenixsuns 106 denvernuggets 101 away
detroitpistons 64 utahjazz 62 home
losangelesclippers 83 chicagobulls 78 home
dallasmavericks 102 minnesotatimberwolves 93 away
oklahomacitythunder 90 newyorkknicks 80 away
brooklynnets 98 orlandomagic 82 away
houstonrockets 111 sacramentokings 96 away
torontoraptors 128 philadelphiaSSers 110 home
detroitpistons 114 atlantahawks 108 away
bostonceltics 119 charlottehornets 110 away
houstonrockets 97 goldenstatewarriors 94 away
memphisgrizzlies 104 portlandtrailblazers 83 home
miamiheat 110 milwaukeebucks 71 home
sanantoniospurs 112 neworleanspelicans 89 home
washingtonwizards 95 losangeleslakers 81 home
oklahomacitythunder 99 chicagobulls 93 away
clevelandcavaliers 92 utahjazz 73 home
minnesotatimberwolves 100 dallasmavericks 91 away
miamiheat 98 newyorkknicks 96 away
philadelphiaSSers 108 losangeleslakers 91 home
sacramentokings 105 orlandomagic 94 home
washingtonwizards 122 atlantahawks 93 away
bostonceltics 110 torontoraptors 109 home
denvernuggets 120 charlottehornets 101 home
detroitpistons 102 oklahomacitythunder 95 home
houstonrockets 108 portlandtrailblazers 77 home
indianapacers 103 utahjazz 84 home
losangelesclippers 110 orlandomagic 102 home
milwaukeebucks 96 clevelandcavaliers 88 home
brooklynnets 100 chicagobulls 84 home
memphisgrizzlies 88 neworleanspelicans 82 away
sanantoniospurs 89 minnesotatimberwolves 73 home
dallasmavericks 98 portlandtrailblazers 94 home
goldenstatewarriors 100 sacramentokings 97 home
miamiheat 102 losangeleslakers 89 home
newyorkknicks 106 atlantahawks 92 away
neworleanspelicans 94 chicagobulls 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 93 clevelandcavaliers 81 away
denvernuggets 115 losangelesclippers 96 home
detroitpistons 103 torontoraptors 92 home
bostonceltics 103 houstonrockets 92 away
indianapacers 103 losangeleslakers 97 home
memphisgrizzlies 88 minnesotatimberwolves 83 home
milwaukeebucks 99 washingtonwizards 90 home
brooklynnets 94 utahjazz 80 home
goldenstatewarriors 110 phoenixsuns 100 away
sanantoniospurs 93 charlottehornets 76 home
oklahomacitythunder 98 orlandomagic 90 home
dallasmavericks 104 charlottehornets 93 home
sacramentokings 111 losangelesclippers 107 away
miamiheat 97 newyorkknicks 82 home
bostonceltics 113 neworleanspelicans 100 away
chicagobulls 94 philadelphiaSSers 88 away
orlandomagic 97 portlandtrailblazers 92 away
washingtonwizards 96 utahjazz 95 home
denvernuggets 114 milwaukeebucks 103 home
detroitpistons 110 sanantoniospurs 101 home
brooklynnets 94 indianapacers 85 away
oklahomacitythunder 102 losangeleslakers 100 away
phoenixsuns 97 memphisgrizzlies 91 away
minnesotatimberwolves 94 houstonrockets 86 home
goldenstatewarriors 104 sacramentokings 94 away
torontoraptors 105 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
charlottehornets 102 orlandomagic 97 home
chicagobulls 105 atlantahawks 91 home
dallasmavericks 103 neworleanspelicans 86 home
losangelesclippers 96 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
newyorkknicks 88 sanantoniospurs 75 home
phoenixsuns 105 atlantahawks 94 away
clevelandcavaliers 91 detroitpistons 76 home
denvernuggets 127 washingtonwizards 98 home
houstonrockets 84 miamiheat 82 home
brooklynnets 98 indianapacers 91 home
sacramentokings 112 portlandtrailblazers 93 home
oklahomacitythunder 92 milwaukeebucks 84 home
utahjazz 115 losangeleslakers 107 home
phoenixsuns 120 charlottehornets 105 away
dallasmavericks 109 goldenstatewarriors 97 away
indianapacers 100 sanantoniospurs 93 home
losangelesclippers 116 milwaukeebucks 108 home
minnesotatimberwolves 107 neworleanspelicans 102 home
newyorkknicks 107 bostonceltics 82 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 detroitpistons 84 home
chicagobulls 94 torontoraptors 85 away
denvernuggets 117 losangeleslakers 96 home
houstonrockets 99 clevelandcavaliers 80 home
memphisgrizzlies 105 brooklynnets 96 away
charlottehornets 108 orlandomagic 94 away
oklahomacitythunder 96 portlandtrailblazers 91 away
sacramentokings 109 dallasmavericks 101 home
washingtonwizards 85 utahjazz 84 away
chicagobulls 94 bostonceltics 86 away
indianapacers 94 detroitpistons 81 away
goldenstatewarriors 118 milwaukeebucks 117 home
losangelesclippers 98 washingtonwizards 94 home
miamiheat 125 phoenixsuns 115 home
houstonrockets 81 neworleanspelicans 68 away
philadelphiaSSers 103 torontoraptors 101 home
sanantoniospurs 111 atlantahawks 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 newyorkknicks 101 home
phoenixsuns 118 orlandomagic 116 away
portlandtrailblazers 103 newyorkknicks 96 home
utahjazz 94 milwaukeebucks 89 home
torontoraptors 109 atlantahawks 104 away
charlottehornets 94 miamiheat 92 home
chicagobulls 100 indianapacers 96 home
dallasmavericks 117 clevelandcavaliers 86 home
denvernuggets 113 sacramentokings 99 home
detroitpistons 105 bostonceltics 99 home
neworleanspelicans 96 memphisgrizzlies 85 away
minnesotatimberwolves 96 brooklynnets 75 away
philadelphiaSSers 96 losangeleslakers 89 away
minnesotatimberwolves 89 losangelesclippers 85 home
sanantoniospurs 83 houstonrockets 70 home
washingtonwizards 95 oklahomacitythunder 94 away
brooklynnets 95 charlottehornets 91 away
chicagobulls 94 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
dallasmavericks 95 detroitpistons 88 away
goldenstatewarriors 108 newyorkknicks 100 home
indianapacers 90 milwaukeebucks 76 away
clevelandcavaliers 109 neworleanspelicans 108 away
orlandomagic 109 atlantahawks 102 home
phoenixsuns 123 denvernuggets 114 home
washingtonwizards 114 portlandtrailblazers 106 away
sacramentokings 118 philadelphiaSSers 109 home
houstonrockets 99 utahjazz 85 away
clevelandcavaliers 94 losangelesclippers 84 home
losangeleslakers 117 newyorkknicks 107 home
oklahomacitythunder 102 memphisgrizzlies 99 away
miamiheat 103 torontoraptors 91 home
dallasmavericks 112 bostonceltics 100 away
chicagobulls 102 charlottehornets 99 away
detroitpistons 99 sacramentokings 82 home
goldenstatewarriors 113 milwaukeebucks 109 away
brooklynnets 95 losangelesclippers 78 home
orlandomagic 108 torontoraptors 96 home
phoenixsuns 116 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
houstonrockets 100 portlandtrailblazers 84 away
sanantoniospurs 89 oklahomacitythunder 76 home
denvernuggets 109 utahjazz 98 away
washingtonwizards 102 atlantahawks 99 home
chicagobulls 102 clevelandcavaliers 90 home
indianapacers 114 miamiheat 108 home
minnesotatimberwolves 105 losangeleslakers 96 away
bostonceltics 116 atlantahawks 100 away
torontoraptors 119 charlottehornets 107 away
sacramentokings 128 clevelandcavaliers 109 away
denvernuggets 102 sanantoniospurs 84 home
detroitpistons 97 losangelesclippers 84 home
neworleanspelicans 76 houstonrockets 73 away
memphisgrizzlies 93 milwaukeebucks 82 away
brooklynnets 93 newyorkknicks 91 away
washingtonwizards 111 orlandomagic 102 away
dallasmavericks 100 philadelphiaSSers 83 away
phoenixsuns 107 minnesotatimberwolves 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 89 portlandtrailblazers 87 home
goldenstatewarriors 108 utahjazz 91 away
chicagobulls 112 charlottehornets 97 home
orlandomagic 103 brooklynnets 102 away
miamiheat 111 neworleanspelicans 99 away
denvernuggets 103 portlandtrailblazers 97 away
sanantoniospurs 95 losangeleslakers 94 home
losangelesclippers 111 atlantahawks 91 away
philadelphiaSSers 97 bostonceltics 93 away
clevelandcavaliers 100 dallasmavericks 80 home
goldenstatewarriors 101 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
phoenixsuns 91 houstonrockets 78 away
memphisgrizzlies 102 losangeleslakers 82 home
milwaukeebucks 106 newyorkknicks 102 home
minnesotatimberwolves 112 sacramentokings 100 away
detroitpistons 113 torontoraptors 103 away
indianapacers 79 washingtonwizards 76 away
neworleanspelicans 96 atlantahawks 86 away
losangelesclippers 104 charlottehornets 102 away
brooklynnets 111 clevelandcavaliers 80 away
dallasmavericks 114 orlandomagic 105 home
goldenstatewarriors 122 houstonrockets 117 home
denvernuggets 94 memphisgrizzlies 91 away
miamiheat 104 chicagobulls 86 home
indianapacers 97 newyorkknicks 79 away
phoenixsuns 125 losangeleslakers 99 home
sacramentokings 122 oklahomacitythunder 101 home
utahjazz 90 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
bostonceltics 116 washingtonwizards 108 away
bostonceltics 103 milwaukeebucks 97 home
detroitpistons 105 washingtonwizards 93 home
indianapacers 98 clevelandcavaliers 77 home
minnesotatimberwolves 111 utahjazz 86 home
denvernuggets 94 neworleanspelicans 83 away
chicagobulls 102 orlandomagic 101 away
philadelphiaSSers 106 charlottehornets 103 home
goldenstatewarriors 104 portlandtrailblazers 102 away
sanantoniospurs 91 losangelesclippers 82 home
memphisgrizzlies 104 torontoraptors 74 away
dallasmavericks 104 sanantoniospurs 68 home
houstonrockets 114 losangeleslakers 100 away
brooklynnets 110 newyorkknicks 98 home
goldenstatewarriors 127 phoenixsuns 119 home
indianapacers 93 washingtonwizards 83 home
memphisgrizzlies 97 miamiheat 81 home
milwaukeebucks 93 charlottehornets 75 home
denvernuggets 107 minnesotatimberwolves 104 away
utahjazz 98 neworleanspelicans 87 away
chicagobulls 102 newyorkknicks 94 away
detroitpistons 114 orlandomagic 102 away
philadelphiaSSers 103 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
sacramentokings 119 portlandtrailblazers 115 away
losangeleslakers 117 oklahomacitythunder 94 away
torontoraptors 109 atlantahawks 101 home
atlantahawks 105 minnesotatimberwolves 98 home
chicagobulls 110 torontoraptors 97 home
clevelandcavaliers 98 milwaukeebucks 81 home
dallasmavericks 88 utahjazz 81 home
denvernuggets 121 oklahomacitythunder 105 home
sanantoniospurs 125 losangelesclippers 124 away
brooklynnets 99 bostonceltics 86 home
houstonrockets 98 phoenixsuns 97 away
philadelphiaSSers 112 washingtonwizards 106 away
sanantoniospurs 136 goldenstatewarriors 134 away
newyorkknicks 113 indianapacers 112 away
memphisgrizzlies 102 charlottehornets 95 home
detroitpistons 80 miamiheat 72 away
portlandtrailblazers 90 neworleanspelicans 81 away
sacramentokings 124 losangeleslakers 105 home
charlottehornets 110 atlantahawks 105 away
detroitpistons 85 chicagobulls 84 away
dallasmavericks 110 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
denvernuggets 122 goldenstatewarriors 106 home
phoenixsuns 108 losangeleslakers 97 away
clevelandcavaliers 114 orlandomagic 106 away
houstonrockets 90 oklahomacitythunder 78 away
indianapacers 94 torontoraptors 90 away
washingtonwizards 119 milwaukeebucks 112 home
losangelesclippers 94 utahjazz 85 home
torontoraptors 105 newyorkknicks 93 away
bostonceltics 105 philadelphiaSSers 98 away
phoenixsuns 99 neworleanspelicans 85 home
sanantoniospurs 95 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
charlottehornets 105 atlantahawks 84 home
denvernuggets 116 neworleanspelicans 102 home
detroitpistons 103 orlandomagic 94 home
houstonrockets 100 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
indianapacers 90 brooklynnets 86 home
bostonceltics 111 milwaukeebucks 108 away
minnesotatimberwolves 116 goldenstatewarriors 100 home
dallasmavericks 95 oklahomacitythunder 90 away
utahjazz 93 sanantoniospurs 91 home
washingtonwizards 93 chicagobulls 82 home
newyorkknicks 95 clevelandcavaliers 89 away
philadelphiaSSers 126 miamiheat 119 home
dallasmavericks 102 portlandtrailblazers 90 away
bostonceltics 101 miamiheat 99 home
chicagobulls 117 orlandomagic 77 home
denvernuggets 111 memphisgrizzlies 102 home
detroitpistons 99 milwaukeebucks 73 home
goldenstatewarriors 108 portlandtrailblazers 88 home
philadelphiaSSers 90 indianapacers 86 away
sacramentokings 115 losangeleslakers 106 away
phoenixsuns 98 losangelesclippers 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 97 neworleanspelicans 72 home
brooklynnets 101 torontoraptors 90 away
minnesotatimberwolves 100 utahjazz 84 away
washingtonwizards 119 clevelandcavaliers 111 home
chicagobulls 114 atlantahawks 105 away
newyorkknicks 100 charlottehornets 98 away
houstonrockets 115 denvernuggets 87 home
losangelesclippers 94 neworleanspelicans 89 home
milwaukeebucks 113 orlandomagic 103 home
phoenixsuns 116 sacramentokings 98 home
sanantoniospurs 97 memphisgrizzlies 75 home
detroitpistons 90 clevelandcavaliers 87 home
dallasmavericks 114 losangeleslakers 112 away
miamiheat 84 indianapacers 80 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
brooklynnets 104 philadelphiaSSers 83 home
atlantahawks 139 newyorkknicks 135 away
portlandtrailblazers 100 utahjazz 82 home
bostonceltics 103 torontoraptors 98 away
washingtonwizards 106 charlottehornets 104 home
goldenstatewarriors 126 losangeleslakers 99 home
houstonrockets 115 losangelesclippers 90 home
memphisgrizzlies 94 sanantoniospurs 92 home
minnesotatimberwolves 102 neworleanspelicans 99 away
orlandomagic 92 indianapacers 88 home
philadelphiaSSers 122 milwaukeebucks 106 home
phoenixsuns 128 denvernuggets 114 home
utahjazz 92 sacramentokings 82 home
detroitpistons 95 atlantahawks 68 away
chicagobulls 92 newyorkknicks 91 home
clevelandcavaliers 100 bostonceltics 86 home
dallasmavericks 101 oklahomacitythunder 96 home
denvernuggets 119 portlandtrailblazers 115 home
miamiheat 99 charlottehornets 80 home
torontoraptors 127 milwaukeebucks 109 away
brooklynnets 109 washingtonwizards 101 home
brooklynnets 102 bostonceltics 93 away
charlottehornets 97 detroitpistons 86 home
goldenstatewarriors 106 utahjazz 89 home
houstonrockets 106 oklahomacitythunder 78 home
indianapacers 85 chicagobulls 83 home
dallasmavericks 108 memphisgrizzlies 88 away
minnesotatimberwolves 95 sanantoniospurs 73 home
losangelesclippers 86 neworleanspelicans 75 away
newyorkknicks 113 washingtonwizards 105 home
miamiheat 98 orlandomagic 93 away
philadelphiaSSers 110 atlantahawks 86 home
portlandtrailblazers 106 losangeleslakers 103 home
sacramentokings 132 phoenixsuns 107 home
clevelandcavaliers 104 torontoraptors 95 away
playoffs
bostonceltics 102 indianapacers 82 home
houstonrockets 98 dallasmavericks 86 away
detroitpistons 106 philadelphiaSSers 85 home
oklahomacitythunder 87 sacramentokings 82 home
chicagobulls 103 washingtonwizards 94 home
miamiheat 116 brooklynnets 98 home
phoenixsuns 114 memphisgrizzlies 103 home
denvernuggets 93 sanantoniospurs 87 away
indianapacers 82 bostonceltics 79 away
houstonrockets 113 dallasmavericks 111 away
detroitpistons 99 philadelphiaSSers 84 home
miamiheat 104 brooklynnets 87 home
oklahomacitythunder 105 sacramentokings 93 home
chicagobulls 113 washingtonwizards 103 home
phoenixsuns 108 memphisgrizzlies 103 home
sanantoniospurs 104 denvernuggets 76 home
dallasmavericks 106 houstonrockets 102 away
indianapacers 99 bostonceltics 76 home
miamiheat 108 brooklynnets 105 away
phoenixsuns 110 memphisgrizzlies 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 115 detroitpistons 104 home
sacramentokings 116 oklahomacitythunder 104 home
sanantoniospurs 86 denvernuggets 78 away
dallasmavericks 97 houstonrockets 93 away
bostonceltics 110 indianapacers 79 away
washingtonwizards 117 chicagobulls 99 home
phoenixsuns 123 memphisgrizzlies 115 away
miamiheat 110 brooklynnets 97 away
detroitpistons 97 philadelphiaSSers 92 away
oklahomacitythunder 115 sacramentokings 102 away
dallasmavericks 103 houstonrockets 100 home
sanantoniospurs 126 denvernuggets 115 away
washingtonwizards 106 chicagobulls 99 home
indianapacers 90 bostonceltics 85 away
detroitpistons 88 philadelphiaSSers 78 home
oklahomacitythunder 122 sacramentokings 118 home
washingtonwizards 112 chicagobulls 110 away
sanantoniospurs 99 denvernuggets 89 home
houstonrockets 101 dallasmavericks 83 home
bostonceltics 92 indianapacers 89 away
washingtonwizards 94 chicagobulls 91 home
indianapacers 97 bostonceltics 70 away
dallasmavericks 116 houstonrockets 76 home
miamiheat 105 washingtonwizards 86 home
sanantoniospurs 103 oklahomacitythunder 81 home
detroitpistons 96 indianapacers 81 home
phoenixsuns 127 dallasmavericks 102 home
miamiheat 108 washingtonwizards 102 home
sanantoniospurs 108 oklahomacitythunder 91 home
indianapacers 92 detroitpistons 83 away
dallasmavericks 108 phoenixsuns 106 away
oklahomacitythunder 92 sanantoniospurs 91 home
miamiheat 102 washingtonwizards 95 away
phoenixsuns 119 dallasmavericks 102 away
indianapacers 79 detroitpistons 74 home
miamiheat 99 washingtonwizards 95 away
dallasmavericks 119 phoenixsuns 109 home
detroitpistons 89 indianapacers 76 away
oklahomacitythunder 101 sanantoniospurs 89 home
detroitpistons 86 indianapacers 67 home
sanantoniospurs 103 oklahomacitythunder 90 home
phoenixsuns 114 dallasmavericks 108 home
detroitpistons 88 indianapacers 79 away
sanantoniospurs 98 oklahomacitythunder 96 away
phoenixsuns 130 dallasmavericks 126 away
sanantoniospurs 121 phoenixsuns 114 away
detroitpistons 90 miamiheat 81 away
sanantoniospurs 111 phoenixsuns 108 away
miamiheat 92 detroitpistons 86 home
sanantoniospurs 102 phoenixsuns 92 home
miamiheat 113 detroitpistons 104 away
phoenixsuns 111 sanantoniospurs 106 away
detroitpistons 106 miamiheat 96 home
sanantoniospurs 101 phoenixsuns 95 away
miamiheat 88 detroitpistons 76 home
detroitpistons 91 miamiheat 66 home
detroitpistons 88 miamiheat 82 away
sanantoniospurs 84 detroitpistons 69 home
sanantoniospurs 97 detroitpistons 76 home
detroitpistons 96 sanantoniospurs 79 home
detroitpistons 102 sanantoniospurs 71 home
sanantoniospurs 96 detroitpistons 95 away
detroitpistons 95 sanantoniospurs 86 away
sanantoniospurs 81 detroitpistons 74 home
