neworleanspelicans 93 sacramentokings 67 home
milwaukeebucks 117 philadelphiaSSers 108 away
dallasmavericks 111 phoenixsuns 108 away
sanantoniospurs 102 denvernuggets 91 home
bostonceltics 114 newyorkknicks 100 home
chicagobulls 109 charlottehornets 105 home
clevelandcavaliers 109 neworleanspelicans 87 home
losangeleslakers 99 denvernuggets 97 away
detroitpistons 108 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
goldenstatewarriors 122 atlantahawks 97 home
houstonrockets 98 sacramentokings 89 home
miamiheat 97 memphisgrizzlies 78 away
minnesotatimberwolves 90 portlandtrailblazers 86 home
milwaukeebucks 110 brooklynnets 96 away
indianapacers 90 orlandomagic 78 away
losangelesclippers 101 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
washingtonwizards 99 torontoraptors 96 away
utahjazz 93 dallasmavericks 82 home
phoenixsuns 122 losangeleslakers 112 away
indianapacers 105 miamiheat 102 away
detroitpistons 82 bostonceltics 81 away
denvernuggets 107 portlandtrailblazers 68 home
utahjazz 91 goldenstatewarriors 85 away
losangelesclippers 92 atlantahawks 77 home
washingtonwizards 86 newyorkknicks 75 away
memphisgrizzlies 94 orlandomagic 85 away
charlottehornets 110 philadelphiaSSers 93 away
sanantoniospurs 102 clevelandcavaliers 76 home
oklahomacitythunder 107 minnesotatimberwolves 102 home
brooklynnets 102 torontoraptors 92 away
charlottehornets 107 bostonceltics 105 home
dallasmavericks 103 sanantoniospurs 84 home
detroitpistons 117 torontoraptors 84 home
neworleanspelicans 91 houstonrockets 84 away
philadelphiaSSers 111 indianapacers 109 away
losangelesclippers 100 minnesotatimberwolves 99 home
memphisgrizzlies 113 clevelandcavaliers 106 home
milwaukeebucks 105 miamiheat 100 home
brooklynnets 100 chicagobulls 99 home
portlandtrailblazers 94 atlantahawks 93 home
phoenixsuns 97 utahjazz 88 away
washingtonwizards 87 orlandomagic 79 home
losangeleslakers 112 denvernuggets 92 home
goldenstatewarriors 83 newyorkknicks 81 away
sacramentokings 118 phoenixsuns 117 away
utahjazz 95 charlottehornets 91 away
sanantoniospurs 104 chicagobulls 95 away
miamiheat 90 brooklynnets 89 home
minnesotatimberwolves 93 losangelesclippers 78 home
clevelandcavaliers 105 torontoraptors 93 away
losangeleslakers 103 atlantahawks 97 away
orlandomagic 76 houstonrockets 74 away
memphisgrizzlies 94 oklahomacitythunder 69 home
goldenstatewarriors 110 milwaukeebucks 103 away
detroitpistons 102 sacramentokings 88 away
bostonceltics 99 memphisgrizzlies 98 home
sanantoniospurs 94 charlottehornets 86 away
chicagobulls 85 goldenstatewarriors 84 home
clevelandcavaliers 112 oklahomacitythunder 85 home
denvernuggets 107 sacramentokings 91 home
indianapacers 95 miamiheat 90 home
minnesotatimberwolves 88 losangeleslakers 74 home
brooklynnets 91 utahjazz 83 home
orlandomagic 88 neworleanspelicans 83 away
philadelphiaSSers 112 dallasmavericks 97 home
portlandtrailblazers 95 newyorkknicks 83 home
losangelesclippers 102 washingtonwizards 97 away
losangelesclippers 102 atlantahawks 95 away
miamiheat 88 houstonrockets 84 home
detroitpistons 111 phoenixsuns 104 away
sanantoniospurs 103 bostonceltics 82 away
dallasmavericks 98 charlottehornets 88 away
clevelandcavaliers 89 memphisgrizzlies 70 home
goldenstatewarriors 86 newyorkknicks 84 home
indianapacers 102 brooklynnets 90 home
philadelphiaSSers 85 losangeleslakers 81 home
detroitpistons 84 portlandtrailblazers 81 away
sacramentokings 101 denvernuggets 85 home
utahjazz 99 torontoraptors 84 away
washingtonwizards 137 oklahomacitythunder 96 home
memphisgrizzlies 85 atlantahawks 84 away
chicagobulls 103 utahjazz 98 home
miamiheat 108 charlottehornets 99 home
milwaukeebucks 103 indianapacers 102 home
houstonrockets 99 brooklynnets 91 away
dallasmavericks 109 neworleanspelicans 103 away
phoenixsuns 101 goldenstatewarriors 86 home
washingtonwizards 110 sanantoniospurs 95 home
bostonceltics 102 houstonrockets 82 home
denvernuggets 102 minnesotatimberwolves 91 home
clevelandcavaliers 108 orlandomagic 100 away
philadelphiaSSers 113 losangelesclippers 108 home
newyorkknicks 105 sacramentokings 95 away
oklahomacitythunder 126 torontoraptors 121 away
goldenstatewarriors 100 chicagobulls 82 home
memphisgrizzlies 85 losangeleslakers 73 home
newyorkknicks 73 utahjazz 62 away
clevelandcavaliers 114 washingtonwizards 99 home
dallasmavericks 83 denvernuggets 80 home
detroitpistons 115 bostonceltics 100 home
losangelesclippers 109 milwaukeebucks 85 home
miamiheat 109 neworleanspelicans 102 home
houstonrockets 94 minnesotatimberwolves 89 away
brooklynnets 109 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
orlandomagic 85 charlottehornets 77 home
philadelphiaSSers 104 torontoraptors 92 home
sacramentokings 119 utahjazz 83 home
sanantoniospurs 103 atlantahawks 79 home
oklahomacitythunder 113 bostonceltics 100 away
charlottehornets 122 indianapacers 90 home
milwaukeebucks 90 goldenstatewarriors 87 away
losangeleslakers 97 newyorkknicks 92 home
denvernuggets 91 neworleanspelicans 81 away
memphisgrizzlies 115 phoenixsuns 103 away
portlandtrailblazers 96 chicagobulls 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 121 torontoraptors 115 away
dallasmavericks 87 atlantahawks 78 home
minnesotatimberwolves 109 washingtonwizards 98 home
sanantoniospurs 86 houstonrockets 80 home
bostonceltics 100 torontoraptors 93 home
clevelandcavaliers 102 orlandomagic 84 home
denvernuggets 95 newyorkknicks 86 home
detroitpistons 78 houstonrockets 70 away
indianapacers 93 charlottehornets 85 home
losangelesclippers 97 losangeleslakers 91 home
miamiheat 106 philadelphiaSSers 96 home
neworleanspelicans 95 atlantahawks 92 home
phoenixsuns 102 utahjazz 94 home
goldenstatewarriors 91 portlandtrailblazers 80 away
sacramentokings 103 milwaukeebucks 82 home
oklahomacitythunder 98 chicagobulls 84 home
dallasmavericks 119 detroitpistons 82 home
minnesotatimberwolves 102 charlottehornets 89 home
brooklynnets 89 washingtonwizards 83 home
neworleanspelicans 98 orlandomagic 95 away
clevelandcavaliers 123 philadelphiaSSers 120 away
sanantoniospurs 97 phoenixsuns 91 home
memphisgrizzlies 80 utahjazz 72 away
denvernuggets 99 memphisgrizzlies 83 home
indianapacers 85 houstonrockets 74 home
losangelesclippers 113 goldenstatewarriors 101 home
chicagobulls 96 losangeleslakers 93 away
newyorkknicks 103 portlandtrailblazers 92 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 sacramentokings 104 home
torontoraptors 107 miamiheat 94 home
goldenstatewarriors 100 brooklynnets 97 home
philadelphiaSSers 103 neworleanspelicans 91 home
sanantoniospurs 96 sacramentokings 93 away
utahjazz 100 milwaukeebucks 80 home
clevelandcavaliers 115 bostonceltics 93 home
dallasmavericks 102 houstonrockets 93 home
portlandtrailblazers 95 memphisgrizzlies 87 away
phoenixsuns 90 torontoraptors 82 home
utahjazz 93 oklahomacitythunder 87 away
denvernuggets 108 washingtonwizards 105 away
atlantahawks 120 bostonceltics 117 home
charlottehornets 108 newyorkknicks 95 home
detroitpistons 114 denvernuggets 89 home
sanantoniospurs 113 goldenstatewarriors 89 away
phoenixsuns 100 houstonrockets 88 away
losangelesclippers 103 torontoraptors 100 home
miamiheat 100 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
milwaukeebucks 108 philadelphiaSSers 97 home
neworleanspelicans 84 minnesotatimberwolves 80 home
orlandomagic 91 washingtonwizards 83 home
sacramentokings 114 brooklynnets 105 home
indianapacers 98 clevelandcavaliers 76 home
losangeleslakers 108 oklahomacitythunder 96 home
bostonceltics 90 charlottehornets 89 home
denvernuggets 105 losangelesclippers 95 home
washingtonwizards 120 detroitpistons 114 away
atlantahawks 87 indianapacers 85 away
memphisgrizzlies 86 houstonrockets 81 home
dallasmavericks 103 miamiheat 90 away
minnesotatimberwolves 99 milwaukeebucks 91 home
orlandomagic 104 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
phoenixsuns 92 brooklynnets 81 home
sacramentokings 106 torontoraptors 104 home
chicagobulls 106 sanantoniospurs 99 away
goldenstatewarriors 94 utahjazz 90 away
charlottehornets 100 washingtonwizards 82 home
minnesotatimberwolves 89 clevelandcavaliers 85 away
memphisgrizzlies 112 dallasmavericks 92 away
goldenstatewarriors 117 torontoraptors 91 home
chicagobulls 94 houstonrockets 89 away
detroitpistons 85 milwaukeebucks 76 away
newyorkknicks 105 philadelphiaSSers 102 home
orlandomagic 80 miamiheat 77 home
neworleanspelicans 105 oklahomacitythunder 99 away
portlandtrailblazers 77 atlantahawks 75 away
indianapacers 97 losangelesclippers 92 away
brooklynnets 102 losangeleslakers 96 away
orlandomagic 87 bostonceltics 83 away
brooklynnets 101 denvernuggets 92 away
goldenstatewarriors 99 neworleanspelicans 83 home
miamiheat 107 newyorkknicks 94 home
dallasmavericks 93 torontoraptors 91 away
chicagobulls 85 orlandomagic 76 home
houstonrockets 100 atlantahawks 85 home
milwaukeebucks 113 dallasmavericks 111 home
losangelesclippers 93 minnesotatimberwolves 84 away
philadelphiaSSers 107 portlandtrailblazers 83 home
sacramentokings 110 charlottehornets 92 home
sanantoniospurs 90 losangeleslakers 84 home
indianapacers 84 utahjazz 60 away
miamiheat 96 atlantahawks 74 away
bostonceltics 110 philadelphiaSSers 103 home
clevelandcavaliers 112 losangelesclippers 105 home
neworleanspelicans 102 denvernuggets 95 away
goldenstatewarriors 113 sacramentokings 106 home
detroitpistons 93 brooklynnets 83 away
newyorkknicks 109 chicagobulls 101 home
phoenixsuns 109 indianapacers 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 charlottehornets 94 home
memphisgrizzlies 92 torontoraptors 66 away
washingtonwizards 96 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
sanantoniospurs 92 dallasmavericks 90 away
losangeleslakers 105 utahjazz 101 away
miamiheat 98 sacramentokings 87 away
oklahomacitythunder 115 clevelandcavaliers 108 home
milwaukeebucks 105 washingtonwizards 102 away
torontoraptors 102 atlantahawks 101 away
chicagobulls 106 bostonceltics 102 away
detroitpistons 106 newyorkknicks 98 home
goldenstatewarriors 107 charlottehornets 100 home
minnesotatimberwolves 113 losangeleslakers 108 away
memphisgrizzlies 91 orlandomagic 69 home
neworleanspelicans 88 philadelphiaSSers 86 home
phoenixsuns 102 denvernuggets 97 home
indianapacers 98 portlandtrailblazers 78 away
detroitpistons 92 chicagobulls 79 away
dallasmavericks 97 neworleanspelicans 88 home
denvernuggets 101 miamiheat 99 home
memphisgrizzlies 90 houstonrockets 75 away
losangelesclippers 102 clevelandcavaliers 90 home
milwaukeebucks 104 orlandomagic 84 home
torontoraptors 95 brooklynnets 82 away
sanantoniospurs 100 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
losangeleslakers 99 charlottehornets 98 home
bostonceltics 102 newyorkknicks 99 away
phoenixsuns 112 atlantahawks 94 home
utahjazz 98 portlandtrailblazers 93 away
minnesotatimberwolves 85 sacramentokings 77 away
oklahomacitythunder 107 indianapacers 102 home
dallasmavericks 102 chicagobulls 94 away
losangelesclippers 99 miamiheat 89 home
sanantoniospurs 110 orlandomagic 85 away
minnesotatimberwolves 91 utahjazz 77 away
denvernuggets 125 atlantahawks 116 home
houstonrockets 91 bostonceltics 73 home
dallasmavericks 84 indianapacers 75 away
memphisgrizzlies 89 neworleanspelicans 73 home
losangeleslakers 111 milwaukeebucks 92 away
phoenixsuns 130 portlandtrailblazers 85 home
clevelandcavaliers 102 sacramentokings 97 away
newyorkknicks 104 oklahomacitythunder 101 away
washingtonwizards 119 torontoraptors 111 home
brooklynnets 97 charlottehornets 84 away
phoenixsuns 118 goldenstatewarriors 110 away
losangelesclippers 84 newyorkknicks 79 home
bostonceltics 101 neworleanspelicans 87 away
chicagobulls 102 orlandomagic 93 away
milwaukeebucks 88 philadelphiaSSers 85 away
minnesotatimberwolves 84 portlandtrailblazers 74 away
sanantoniospurs 98 miamiheat 84 home
losangeleslakers 102 torontoraptors 91 away
utahjazz 95 atlantahawks 83 home
indianapacers 111 washingtonwizards 87 home
houstonrockets 106 sacramentokings 95 away
losangeleslakers 93 chicagobulls 80 away
brooklynnets 109 clevelandcavaliers 100 away
detroitpistons 106 goldenstatewarriors 103 away
dallasmavericks 90 memphisgrizzlies 83 away
denvernuggets 100 miamiheat 92 away
philadelphiaSSers 119 charlottehornets 115 home
phoenixsuns 85 newyorkknicks 81 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 neworleanspelicans 95 home
sanantoniospurs 101 bostonceltics 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 utahjazz 90 away
atlantahawks 94 sanantoniospurs 84 home
torontoraptors 111 charlottehornets 103 away
dallasmavericks 103 bostonceltics 94 home
indianapacers 80 memphisgrizzlies 66 home
losangelesclippers 101 phoenixsuns 91 home
milwaukeebucks 111 clevelandcavaliers 106 home
minnesotatimberwolves 95 losangeleslakers 82 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 brooklynnets 95 away
orlandomagic 94 denvernuggets 83 home
sacramentokings 123 oklahomacitythunder 104 away
chicagobulls 118 washingtonwizards 111 away
detroitpistons 109 losangelesclippers 101 away
miamiheat 104 washingtonwizards 101 home
houstonrockets 100 portlandtrailblazers 86 away
sacramentokings 110 neworleanspelicans 100 home
losangeleslakers 109 dallasmavericks 106 away
milwaukeebucks 112 newyorkknicks 92 away
philadelphiaSSers 90 minnesotatimberwolves 89 home
neworleanspelicans 91 phoenixsuns 87 away
utahjazz 92 detroitpistons 78 home
denvernuggets 101 charlottehornets 85 away
miamiheat 100 chicagobulls 97 away
atlantahawks 100 clevelandcavaliers 94 away
sacramentokings 93 minnesotatimberwolves 91 away
sanantoniospurs 95 losangelesclippers 87 home
goldenstatewarriors 110 oklahomacitythunder 107 away
washingtonwizards 94 brooklynnets 74 home
bostonceltics 85 indianapacers 71 home
dallasmavericks 102 phoenixsuns 96 home
detroitpistons 109 sacramentokings 98 home
houstonrockets 111 goldenstatewarriors 105 away
losangeleslakers 94 memphisgrizzlies 79 away
miamiheat 100 milwaukeebucks 83 away
charlottehornets 91 brooklynnets 83 away
neworleanspelicans 102 losangelesclippers 89 home
orlandomagic 105 newyorkknicks 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 106 atlantahawks 101 home
chicagobulls 105 torontoraptors 94 away
utahjazz 82 portlandtrailblazers 77 home
clevelandcavaliers 94 denvernuggets 85 home
sanantoniospurs 90 minnesotatimberwolves 88 away
houstonrockets 104 oklahomacitythunder 98 away
atlantahawks 122 newyorkknicks 111 home
milwaukeebucks 100 bostonceltics 96 away
dallasmavericks 109 orlandomagic 103 home
detroitpistons 110 chicagobulls 82 home
indianapacers 93 utahjazz 83 home
losangeleslakers 97 washingtonwizards 91 home
brooklynnets 115 denvernuggets 106 home
phoenixsuns 101 neworleanspelicans 88 away
miamiheat 112 philadelphiaSSers 105 away
oklahomacitythunder 111 portlandtrailblazers 99 away
goldenstatewarriors 108 torontoraptors 98 away
detroitpistons 103 charlottehornets 78 away
chicagobulls 118 bostonceltics 86 home
clevelandcavaliers 115 miamiheat 107 home
losangelesclippers 89 houstonrockets 81 home
memphisgrizzlies 91 phoenixsuns 87 home
utahjazz 88 milwaukeebucks 80 away
indianapacers 102 newyorkknicks 96 away
sanantoniospurs 90 sacramentokings 89 home
atlantahawks 110 denvernuggets 107 home
dallasmavericks 102 minnesotatimberwolves 95 home
houstonrockets 76 losangeleslakers 74 away
brooklynnets 118 goldenstatewarriors 90 home
neworleanspelicans 89 sanantoniospurs 76 home
portlandtrailblazers 97 washingtonwizards 92 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 torontoraptors 80 away
bostonceltics 109 goldenstatewarriors 98 home
charlottehornets 106 sacramentokings 103 home
detroitpistons 106 memphisgrizzlies 104 away
torontoraptors 92 orlandomagic 90 away
oklahomacitythunder 111 washingtonwizards 101 home
charlottehornets 105 chicagobulls 92 away
clevelandcavaliers 110 utahjazz 85 home
detroitpistons 93 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
losangeleslakers 112 dallasmavericks 90 home
miamiheat 111 atlantahawks 92 home
milwaukeebucks 109 sanantoniospurs 107 home
brooklynnets 99 losangelesclippers 85 home
phoenixsuns 111 oklahomacitythunder 83 home
bostonceltics 101 utahjazz 89 home
washingtonwizards 116 denvernuggets 110 away
torontoraptors 94 houstonrockets 81 away
indianapacers 97 losangelesclippers 75 home
memphisgrizzlies 89 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
minnesotatimberwolves 88 neworleanspelicans 69 home
sanantoniospurs 109 newyorkknicks 96 away
brooklynnets 96 orlandomagic 85 away
philadelphiaSSers 111 goldenstatewarriors 100 home
clevelandcavaliers 108 chicagobulls 100 away
dallasmavericks 105 sacramentokings 95 away
atlantahawks 111 philadelphiaSSers 108 home
losangelesclippers 97 charlottehornets 88 away
clevelandcavaliers 94 indianapacers 89 home
denvernuggets 108 houstonrockets 86 home
detroitpistons 97 goldenstatewarriors 85 home
memphisgrizzlies 95 chicagobulls 77 home
brooklynnets 95 miamiheat 88 away
milwaukeebucks 101 neworleanspelicans 94 home
portlandtrailblazers 91 minnesotatimberwolves 83 away
newyorkknicks 98 utahjazz 90 home
losangeleslakers 104 orlandomagic 88 away
washingtonwizards 112 phoenixsuns 111 away
sanantoniospurs 95 torontoraptors 90 home
dallasmavericks 101 oklahomacitythunder 98 away
detroitpistons 85 sanantoniospurs 70 home
miamiheat 97 losangeleslakers 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 102 chicagobulls 91 home
dallasmavericks 102 indianapacers 80 home
denvernuggets 118 goldenstatewarriors 112 away
phoenixsuns 103 minnesotatimberwolves 89 away
brooklynnets 109 newyorkknicks 101 away
orlandomagic 108 milwaukeebucks 93 home
portlandtrailblazers 105 sacramentokings 92 away
oklahomacitythunder 118 bostonceltics 111 home
utahjazz 105 memphisgrizzlies 102 home
washingtonwizards 94 losangeleslakers 91 home
charlottehornets 93 atlantahawks 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 108 denvernuggets 106 away
detroitpistons 113 torontoraptors 106 home
utahjazz 82 houstonrockets 74 away
sacramentokings 110 losangelesclippers 93 away
miamiheat 109 milwaukeebucks 98 home
brooklynnets 96 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
sanantoniospurs 99 indianapacers 86 home
charlottehornets 93 chicagobulls 80 home
goldenstatewarriors 111 bostonceltics 109 home
memphisgrizzlies 100 losangeleslakers 99 away
minnesotatimberwolves 108 oklahomacitythunder 95 home
neworleanspelicans 92 houstonrockets 90 home
orlandomagic 105 newyorkknicks 95 home
portlandtrailblazers 95 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
torontoraptors 108 atlantahawks 102 home
phoenixsuns 104 washingtonwizards 99 away
oklahomacitythunder 112 denvernuggets 105 away
detroitpistons 106 miamiheat 101 home
sanantoniospurs 111 neworleanspelicans 84 home
phoenixsuns 110 charlottehornets 100 away
goldenstatewarriors 111 dallasmavericks 109 away
torontoraptors 99 indianapacers 97 away
milwaukeebucks 113 newyorkknicks 108 home
brooklynnets 99 atlantahawks 91 home
orlandomagic 107 minnesotatimberwolves 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 93 portlandtrailblazers 90 away
sacramentokings 116 bostonceltics 112 home
miamiheat 128 washingtonwizards 113 away
phoenixsuns 107 chicagobulls 98 away
clevelandcavaliers 97 detroitpistons 84 home
sanantoniospurs 98 denvernuggets 88 away
goldenstatewarriors 94 houstonrockets 89 away
bostonceltics 111 losangelesclippers 92 away
dallasmavericks 95 neworleanspelicans 90 away
memphisgrizzlies 100 oklahomacitythunder 96 away
utahjazz 108 philadelphiaSSers 102 home
utahjazz 98 losangeleslakers 94 away
miamiheat 97 minnesotatimberwolves 70 home
losangelesclippers 100 portlandtrailblazers 94 away
milwaukeebucks 93 chicagobulls 92 away
denvernuggets 120 bostonceltics 110 home
indianapacers 115 oklahomacitythunder 96 home
neworleanspelicans 103 charlottehornets 86 home
newyorkknicks 140 phoenixsuns 133 home
torontoraptors 108 atlantahawks 97 away
dallasmavericks 95 portlandtrailblazers 81 home
detroitpistons 108 orlandomagic 99 home
memphisgrizzlies 104 goldenstatewarriors 94 home
philadelphiaSSers 111 sacramentokings 98 away
utahjazz 90 losangeleslakers 80 home
houstonrockets 123 washingtonwizards 111 away
bostonceltics 109 charlottehornets 106 home
oklahomacitythunder 101 chicagobulls 97 away
denvernuggets 106 indianapacers 86 home
clevelandcavaliers 91 milwaukeebucks 84 away
minnesotatimberwolves 91 dallasmavericks 78 home
neworleanspelicans 107 miamiheat 92 home
phoenixsuns 105 philadelphiaSSers 85 home
sanantoniospurs 106 portlandtrailblazers 75 home
torontoraptors 121 orlandomagic 97 home
houstonrockets 90 clevelandcavaliers 81 away
indianapacers 99 goldenstatewarriors 89 away
atlantahawks 103 bostonceltics 98 away
dallasmavericks 114 denvernuggets 112 away
detroitpistons 97 oklahomacitythunder 85 home
losangeleslakers 119 philadelphiaSSers 93 home
memphisgrizzlies 87 utahjazz 65 home
chicagobulls 105 milwaukeebucks 91 away
brooklynnets 113 orlandomagic 106 home
neworleanspelicans 90 portlandtrailblazers 80 home
newyorkknicks 113 washingtonwizards 92 home
phoenixsuns 111 miamiheat 93 home
sacramentokings 118 losangelesclippers 114 home
sanantoniospurs 83 minnesotatimberwolves 77 home
torontoraptors 112 houstonrockets 92 home
atlantahawks 101 neworleanspelicans 93 home
chicagobulls 111 memphisgrizzlies 82 home
clevelandcavaliers 96 milwaukeebucks 88 home
dallasmavericks 83 minnesotatimberwolves 79 home
utahjazz 94 detroitpistons 90 away
losangeleslakers 112 losangelesclippers 109 home
orlandomagic 108 charlottehornets 92 home
phoenixsuns 91 sanantoniospurs 86 home
washingtonwizards 103 bostonceltics 102 home
newyorkknicks 120 oklahomacitythunder 116 home
miamiheat 118 portlandtrailblazers 89 away
indianapacers 108 sacramentokings 83 away
brooklynnets 105 torontoraptors 104 away
denvernuggets 92 houstonrockets 90 away
dallasmavericks 104 bostonceltics 102 away
chicagobulls 113 torontoraptors 104 home
losangeleslakers 96 indianapacers 90 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
utahjazz 97 washingtonwizards 89 away
bostonceltics 98 atlantahawks 94 away
charlottehornets 111 houstonrockets 106 home
newyorkknicks 92 clevelandcavaliers 84 away
denvernuggets 139 phoenixsuns 137 home
losangelesclippers 90 orlandomagic 73 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 sacramentokings 85 home
milwaukeebucks 95 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
detroitpistons 96 neworleanspelicans 86 away
sanantoniospurs 96 brooklynnets 91 home
miamiheat 110 goldenstatewarriors 96 away
sacramentokings 88 houstonrockets 80 away
indianapacers 112 milwaukeebucks 88 home
minnesotatimberwolves 99 chicagobulls 93 home
newyorkknicks 117 dallasmavericks 115 home
utahjazz 110 philadelphiaSSers 102 away
portlandtrailblazers 113 losangeleslakers 103 home
oklahomacitythunder 113 orlandomagic 104 home
torontoraptors 95 charlottehornets 86 home
washingtonwizards 103 atlantahawks 72 home
losangeleslakers 99 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
phoenixsuns 112 goldenstatewarriors 99 home
detroitpistons 83 sanantoniospurs 68 away
milwaukeebucks 103 charlottehornets 102 away
washingtonwizards 94 indianapacers 85 away
memphisgrizzlies 81 brooklynnets 69 home
minnesotatimberwolves 103 denvernuggets 89 home
neworleanspelicans 90 sacramentokings 76 home
newyorkknicks 105 atlantahawks 94 home
philadelphiaSSers 125 bostonceltics 124 home
portlandtrailblazers 113 orlandomagic 108 home
miamiheat 117 oklahomacitythunder 104 away
washingtonwizards 114 atlantahawks 106 away
indianapacers 91 chicagobulls 89 away
dallasmavericks 110 brooklynnets 77 home
detroitpistons 114 charlottehornets 91 home
losangeleslakers 110 goldenstatewarriors 104 away
neworleanspelicans 86 houstonrockets 80 away
losangelesclippers 98 oklahomacitythunder 72 home
denvernuggets 100 milwaukeebucks 93 away
phoenixsuns 115 clevelandcavaliers 106 home
sanantoniospurs 80 memphisgrizzlies 79 home
miamiheat 100 utahjazz 94 away
portlandtrailblazers 89 clevelandcavaliers 87 home
sacramentokings 104 orlandomagic 100 home
torontoraptors 129 newyorkknicks 103 home
atlantahawks 94 houstonrockets 83 home
neworleanspelicans 107 charlottehornets 92 away
denvernuggets 97 chicagobulls 94 away
dallasmavericks 114 milwaukeebucks 95 home
detroitpistons 94 bostonceltics 84 home
goldenstatewarriors 109 oklahomacitythunder 93 home
losangelesclippers 102 utahjazz 93 home
losangeleslakers 100 miamiheat 92 home
sanantoniospurs 93 memphisgrizzlies 83 away
brooklynnets 97 indianapacers 92 home
minnesotatimberwolves 96 newyorkknicks 90 away
washingtonwizards 104 philadelphiaSSers 76 home
sacramentokings 119 phoenixsuns 90 home
utahjazz 111 torontoraptors 98 home
detroitpistons 117 atlantahawks 89 away
bostonceltics 103 minnesotatimberwolves 96 home
chicagobulls 106 newyorkknicks 104 home
denvernuggets 90 clevelandcavaliers 89 home
dallasmavericks 103 houstonrockets 76 away
indianapacers 98 charlottehornets 92 home
phoenixsuns 112 losangelesclippers 102 away
neworleanspelicans 87 memphisgrizzlies 79 home
orlandomagic 106 washingtonwizards 98 home
brooklynnets 101 philadelphiaSSers 90 away
portlandtrailblazers 96 torontoraptors 94 home
sanantoniospurs 95 milwaukeebucks 92 home
detroitpistons 105 newyorkknicks 79 away
sacramentokings 118 losangeleslakers 109 home
milwaukeebucks 118 atlantahawks 102 away
bostonceltics 99 brooklynnets 96 home
orlandomagic 104 charlottehornets 93 away
houstonrockets 109 chicagobulls 108 away
denvernuggets 113 utahjazz 83 home
goldenstatewarriors 99 clevelandcavaliers 79 home
dallasmavericks 101 losangelesclippers 81 away
sanantoniospurs 101 miamiheat 94 away
minnesotatimberwolves 90 indianapacers 85 home
philadelphiaSSers 89 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
phoenixsuns 106 losangeleslakers 93 home
torontoraptors 121 oklahomacitythunder 113 away
washingtonwizards 110 neworleanspelicans 99 home
chicagobulls 101 indianapacers 89 away
milwaukeebucks 101 charlottehornets 91 home
brooklynnets 103 bostonceltics 83 home
neworleanspelicans 109 newyorkknicks 98 away
orlandomagic 83 sacramentokings 78 home
clevelandcavaliers 108 utahjazz 90 away
detroitpistons 99 houstonrockets 97 home
losangelesclippers 105 goldenstatewarriors 92 home
losangeleslakers 122 torontoraptors 104 home
miamiheat 119 sacramentokings 99 home
philadelphiaSSers 86 minnesotatimberwolves 84 away
oklahomacitythunder 152 phoenixsuns 149 away
dallasmavericks 95 portlandtrailblazers 89 away
denvernuggets 89 sanantoniospurs 85 away
memphisgrizzlies 93 washingtonwizards 82 away
atlantahawks 104 indianapacers 94 home
bostonceltics 91 neworleanspelicans 78 home
denvernuggets 107 torontoraptors 101 home
losangelesclippers 96 goldenstatewarriors 93 away
houstonrockets 97 milwaukeebucks 80 away
utahjazz 89 brooklynnets 78 home
clevelandcavaliers 96 indianapacers 66 home
miamiheat 94 memphisgrizzlies 82 home
detroitpistons 107 minnesotatimberwolves 83 away
orlandomagic 111 phoenixsuns 102 home
philadelphiaSSers 109 sacramentokings 103 home
sanantoniospurs 104 charlottehornets 76 home
clevelandcavaliers 106 atlantahawks 97 away
washingtonwizards 89 bostonceltics 87 away
detroitpistons 106 milwaukeebucks 102 home
dallasmavericks 102 goldenstatewarriors 93 away
houstonrockets 102 charlottehornets 78 home
losangelesclippers 90 brooklynnets 77 home
memphisgrizzlies 107 minnesotatimberwolves 87 home
sanantoniospurs 84 neworleanspelicans 68 away
sacramentokings 106 newyorkknicks 102 away
denvernuggets 97 portlandtrailblazers 94 away
chicagobulls 104 torontoraptors 88 away
oklahomacitythunder 113 utahjazz 94 away
phoenixsuns 107 miamiheat 98 away
orlandomagic 119 philadelphiaSSers 115 away
dallasmavericks 104 oklahomacitythunder 97 away
phoenixsuns 110 atlantahawks 106 away
bostonceltics 84 sacramentokings 74 home
miamiheat 91 charlottehornets 85 away
chicagobulls 90 washingtonwizards 79 home
losangelesclippers 105 denvernuggets 87 away
detroitpistons 95 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
minnesotatimberwolves 96 houstonrockets 92 away
clevelandcavaliers 93 indianapacers 89 away
losangeleslakers 106 goldenstatewarriors 105 home
milwaukeebucks 108 torontoraptors 87 home
newyorkknicks 97 orlandomagic 94 home
portlandtrailblazers 88 brooklynnets 83 home
chicagobulls 111 atlantahawks 99 home
dallasmavericks 103 utahjazz 89 home
goldenstatewarriors 98 portlandtrailblazers 83 home
losangelesclippers 112 denvernuggets 79 home
neworleanspelicans 95 memphisgrizzlies 86 away
philadelphiaSSers 91 newyorkknicks 76 home
sanantoniospurs 102 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 113 brooklynnets 104 home
washingtonwizards 107 charlottehornets 97 home
clevelandcavaliers 113 phoenixsuns 106 home
detroitpistons 102 losangeleslakers 93 home
miamiheat 101 houstonrockets 95 away
milwaukeebucks 83 bostonceltics 79 home
philadelphiaSSers 89 orlandomagic 81 away
torontoraptors 124 sacramentokings 123 home
atlantahawks 120 newyorkknicks 101 home
clevelandcavaliers 103 charlottehornets 91 away
memphisgrizzlies 86 houstonrockets 77 home
miamiheat 118 losangelesclippers 114 home
minnesotatimberwolves 110 bostonceltics 85 home
neworleanspelicans 94 milwaukeebucks 93 home
portlandtrailblazers 116 oklahomacitythunder 111 away
sanantoniospurs 79 utahjazz 70 away
dallasmavericks 98 chicagobulls 94 home
brooklynnets 91 detroitpistons 84 home
losangeleslakers 130 newyorkknicks 97 away
phoenixsuns 123 philadelphiaSSers 99 away
sacramentokings 98 denvernuggets 91 home
washingtonwizards 84 indianapacers 79 home
phoenixsuns 102 bostonceltics 94 away
atlantahawks 102 charlottehornets 92 away
clevelandcavaliers 91 brooklynnets 85 home
detroitpistons 90 minnesotatimberwolves 74 home
houstonrockets 86 milwaukeebucks 84 home
indianapacers 105 losangeleslakers 79 home
dallasmavericks 81 memphisgrizzlies 80 away
neworleanspelicans 100 chicagobulls 95 home
losangelesclippers 106 orlandomagic 94 away
sanantoniospurs 86 portlandtrailblazers 82 away
oklahomacitythunder 111 goldenstatewarriors 107 home
torontoraptors 117 washingtonwizards 112 home
utahjazz 103 denvernuggets 90 home
sanantoniospurs 89 goldenstatewarriors 86 away
miamiheat 101 clevelandcavaliers 73 home
atlantahawks 96 orlandomagic 94 home
losangelesclippers 98 bostonceltics 81 away
charlottehornets 112 losangeleslakers 102 home
houstonrockets 100 oklahomacitythunder 77 home
detroitpistons 87 philadelphiaSSers 80 away
portlandtrailblazers 89 minnesotatimberwolves 85 home
torontoraptors 104 newyorkknicks 90 home
utahjazz 89 sacramentokings 79 home
philadelphiaSSers 100 clevelandcavaliers 95 away
dallasmavericks 110 oklahomacitythunder 91 home
denvernuggets 105 portlandtrailblazers 104 home
goldenstatewarriors 109 minnesotatimberwolves 77 home
indianapacers 93 detroitpistons 85 home
milwaukeebucks 88 memphisgrizzlies 78 home
brooklynnets 105 miamiheat 92 home
neworleanspelicans 106 losangeleslakers 90 home
orlandomagic 100 bostonceltics 91 home
phoenixsuns 118 chicagobulls 101 home
washingtonwizards 98 atlantahawks 85 home
houstonrockets 93 newyorkknicks 89 away
sacramentokings 96 utahjazz 78 home
losangelesclippers 115 torontoraptors 113 away
charlottehornets 119 oklahomacitythunder 106 home
clevelandcavaliers 89 milwaukeebucks 86 home
goldenstatewarriors 122 denvernuggets 114 home
miamiheat 114 bostonceltics 98 home
brooklynnets 99 neworleanspelicans 91 home
houstonrockets 87 philadelphiaSSers 81 away
minnesotatimberwolves 103 phoenixsuns 101 away
utahjazz 109 chicagobulls 107 home
washingtonwizards 94 orlandomagic 82 home
atlantahawks 99 detroitpistons 98 home
dallasmavericks 102 losangeleslakers 87 home
losangelesclippers 85 newyorkknicks 82 away
sacramentokings 104 memphisgrizzlies 96 home
charlottehornets 100 philadelphiaSSers 92 home
chicagobulls 110 denvernuggets 107 away
detroitpistons 97 losangelesclippers 87 home
losangeleslakers 89 houstonrockets 78 away
indianapacers 101 portlandtrailblazers 69 home
milwaukeebucks 94 orlandomagic 89 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 minnesotatimberwolves 91 away
brooklynnets 96 newyorkknicks 83 home
neworleanspelicans 109 oklahomacitythunder 102 home
phoenixsuns 108 memphisgrizzlies 102 home
sanantoniospurs 125 torontoraptors 118 away
washingtonwizards 129 goldenstatewarriors 124 home
dallasmavericks 112 miamiheat 76 home
sacramentokings 98 chicagobulls 80 home
bostonceltics 115 portlandtrailblazers 83 home
torontoraptors 88 charlottehornets 73 away
denvernuggets 113 dallasmavericks 104 home
indianapacers 107 goldenstatewarriors 95 home
losangelesclippers 91 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
utahjazz 94 minnesotatimberwolves 80 away
sanantoniospurs 83 brooklynnets 73 away
neworleanspelicans 111 newyorkknicks 100 home
detroitpistons 84 orlandomagic 73 away
phoenixsuns 112 sacramentokings 104 home
oklahomacitythunder 99 atlantahawks 91 home
washingtonwizards 101 clevelandcavaliers 89 home
memphisgrizzlies 100 losangeleslakers 99 away
milwaukeebucks 99 charlottehornets 93 home
neworleanspelicans 100 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
goldenstatewarriors 99 clevelandcavaliers 91 away
houstonrockets 102 utahjazz 88 home
bostonceltics 102 orlandomagic 94 home
houstonrockets 90 newyorkknicks 83 home
sanantoniospurs 92 indianapacers 88 away
chicagobulls 97 losangelesclippers 91 away
miamiheat 100 detroitpistons 98 home
brooklynnets 94 milwaukeebucks 79 home
sacramentokings 109 atlantahawks 84 home
denvernuggets 120 oklahomacitythunder 112 away
torontoraptors 114 portlandtrailblazers 81 home
washingtonwizards 107 philadelphiaSSers 97 home
portlandtrailblazers 91 charlottehornets 83 away
clevelandcavaliers 101 sanantoniospurs 87 home
dallasmavericks 100 newyorkknicks 72 home
memphisgrizzlies 81 goldenstatewarriors 79 away
losangeleslakers 94 utahjazz 88 home
torontoraptors 98 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
neworleanspelicans 97 washingtonwizards 96 home
sacramentokings 105 chicagobulls 101 away
detroitpistons 85 brooklynnets 71 home
houstonrockets 128 losangelesclippers 97 away
miamiheat 107 orlandomagic 93 home
milwaukeebucks 106 oklahomacitythunder 91 home
clevelandcavaliers 113 bostonceltics 109 away
brooklynnets 95 charlottehornets 94 away
dallasmavericks 103 washingtonwizards 97 home
phoenixsuns 116 denvernuggets 101 away
goldenstatewarriors 88 losangelesclippers 81 home
indianapacers 88 milwaukeebucks 77 home
atlantahawks 114 losangeleslakers 110 away
memphisgrizzlies 84 sacramentokings 78 home
minnesotatimberwolves 102 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
neworleanspelicans 102 portlandtrailblazers 86 home
newyorkknicks 98 torontoraptors 96 home
miamiheat 110 orlandomagic 100 away
philadelphiaSSers 103 sanantoniospurs 100 home
chicagobulls 117 philadelphiaSSers 84 home
phoenixsuns 109 houstonrockets 75 home
clevelandcavaliers 105 orlandomagic 92 home
dallasmavericks 93 losangelesclippers 91 home
denvernuggets 100 charlottehornets 84 home
detroitpistons 97 atlantahawks 87 home
indianapacers 97 neworleanspelicans 75 home
losangeleslakers 99 portlandtrailblazers 82 home
memphisgrizzlies 94 torontoraptors 88 home
brooklynnets 89 milwaukeebucks 85 away
sacramentokings 102 goldenstatewarriors 77 home
sanantoniospurs 103 oklahomacitythunder 78 home
bostonceltics 103 utahjazz 83 away
washingtonwizards 90 minnesotatimberwolves 78 home
oklahomacitythunder 114 atlantahawks 109 away
chicagobulls 97 milwaukeebucks 91 home
houstonrockets 106 losangelesclippers 102 home
brooklynnets 96 orlandomagic 93 home
utahjazz 82 neworleanspelicans 76 away
miamiheat 103 newyorkknicks 83 away
philadelphiaSSers 116 clevelandcavaliers 107 home
phoenixsuns 103 bostonceltics 94 home
charlottehornets 110 portlandtrailblazers 106 away
dallasmavericks 97 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
detroitpistons 88 indianapacers 83 home
losangeleslakers 106 sacramentokings 85 home
detroitpistons 95 chicagobulls 87 away
washingtonwizards 102 clevelandcavaliers 94 away
houstonrockets 91 goldenstatewarriors 88 home
atlantahawks 117 indianapacers 112 away
losangelesclippers 102 losangeleslakers 83 home
sanantoniospurs 83 memphisgrizzlies 80 away
philadelphiaSSers 116 milwaukeebucks 111 away
denvernuggets 102 minnesotatimberwolves 101 away
brooklynnets 94 newyorkknicks 90 away
orlandomagic 102 oklahomacitythunder 89 home
bostonceltics 102 portlandtrailblazers 96 away
milwaukeebucks 99 atlantahawks 89 away
dallasmavericks 115 torontoraptors 113 home
miamiheat 115 oklahomacitythunder 106 home
philadelphiaSSers 108 chicagobulls 102 home
phoenixsuns 136 charlottehornets 121 home
sanantoniospurs 92 goldenstatewarriors 75 home
neworleanspelicans 100 utahjazz 95 away
washingtonwizards 110 newyorkknicks 89 home
detroitpistons 90 clevelandcavaliers 78 home
bostonceltics 112 losangeleslakers 111 away
minnesotatimberwolves 105 memphisgrizzlies 99 home
indianapacers 101 brooklynnets 91 away
houstonrockets 89 orlandomagic 84 away
neworleanspelicans 88 portlandtrailblazers 75 away
atlantahawks 104 brooklynnets 102 home
detroitpistons 84 clevelandcavaliers 72 away
dallasmavericks 104 philadelphiaSSers 92 home
milwaukeebucks 110 denvernuggets 89 away
utahjazz 117 goldenstatewarriors 108 away
phoenixsuns 111 houstonrockets 94 away
losangelesclippers 95 charlottehornets 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 108 washingtonwizards 98 home
miamiheat 101 torontoraptors 94 home
sacramentokings 115 portlandtrailblazers 91 home
sanantoniospurs 121 newyorkknicks 93 home
chicagobulls 111 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
losangeleslakers 102 orlandomagic 87 home
oklahomacitythunder 114 neworleanspelicans 104 home
miamiheat 103 bostonceltics 96 away
sacramentokings 97 clevelandcavaliers 90 away
denvernuggets 98 detroitpistons 87 home
goldenstatewarriors 98 orlandomagic 94 home
philadelphiaSSers 106 houstonrockets 101 away
losangelesclippers 89 neworleanspelicans 67 home
memphisgrizzlies 101 newyorkknicks 99 home
minnesotatimberwolves 100 brooklynnets 90 home
phoenixsuns 123 milwaukeebucks 110 home
portlandtrailblazers 99 losangeleslakers 93 home
atlantahawks 113 torontoraptors 111 away
charlottehornets 104 utahjazz 89 away
indianapacers 99 washingtonwizards 93 away
clevelandcavaliers 92 chicagobulls 91 away
sanantoniospurs 98 dallasmavericks 89 home
sacramentokings 102 atlantahawks 93 away
bostonceltics 99 indianapacers 98 home
dallasmavericks 90 charlottehornets 76 home
losangeleslakers 106 goldenstatewarriors 94 away
houstonrockets 89 denvernuggets 78 home
chicagobulls 108 newyorkknicks 101 away
philadelphiaSSers 119 washingtonwizards 113 home
phoenixsuns 123 orlandomagic 118 home
detroitpistons 98 oklahomacitythunder 96 away
utahjazz 105 losangelesclippers 103 home
denvernuggets 110 orlandomagic 94 home
losangeleslakers 105 detroitpistons 94 home
miamiheat 95 atlantahawks 93 home
newyorkknicks 103 milwaukeebucks 98 away
brooklynnets 105 torontoraptors 100 home
sanantoniospurs 101 portlandtrailblazers 81 home
clevelandcavaliers 91 chicagobulls 72 home
phoenixsuns 115 dallasmavericks 107 away
houstonrockets 102 portlandtrailblazers 84 home
memphisgrizzlies 102 losangelesclippers 86 away
minnesotatimberwolves 103 goldenstatewarriors 90 home
indianapacers 94 philadelphiaSSers 93 away
oklahomacitythunder 113 utahjazz 81 home
torontoraptors 111 bostonceltics 105 home
washingtonwizards 117 sacramentokings 107 home
miamiheat 106 charlottehornets 105 away
denvernuggets 115 memphisgrizzlies 101 home
sanantoniospurs 103 losangeleslakers 96 away
sacramentokings 109 brooklynnets 84 away
phoenixsuns 101 neworleanspelicans 88 away
utahjazz 90 orlandomagic 85 home
atlantahawks 113 goldenstatewarriors 106 home
chicagobulls 95 brooklynnets 87 home
clevelandcavaliers 106 torontoraptors 99 home
dallasmavericks 93 portlandtrailblazers 87 home
newyorkknicks 107 indianapacers 92 away
losangelesclippers 98 sanantoniospurs 85 home
houstonrockets 93 minnesotatimberwolves 87 away
bostonceltics 116 washingtonwizards 115 away
bostonceltics 104 philadelphiaSSers 101 home
charlottehornets 104 goldenstatewarriors 101 home
detroitpistons 106 chicagobulls 101 home
houstonrockets 103 indianapacers 99 home
miamiheat 118 washingtonwizards 112 home
sacramentokings 123 milwaukeebucks 116 away
losangeleslakers 113 neworleanspelicans 107 away
memphisgrizzlies 99 oklahomacitythunder 74 away
clevelandcavaliers 98 torontoraptors 97 away
utahjazz 96 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
denvernuggets 97 philadelphiaSSers 93 away
sanantoniospurs 117 phoenixsuns 93 away
dallasmavericks 109 portlandtrailblazers 92 away
milwaukeebucks 92 bostonceltics 86 away
losangelesclippers 107 chicagobulls 96 away
goldenstatewarriors 111 miamiheat 106 away
indianapacers 92 neworleanspelicans 90 away
orlandomagic 102 clevelandcavaliers 73 home
sacramentokings 105 memphisgrizzlies 93 home
losangeleslakers 100 sanantoniospurs 92 away
oklahomacitythunder 107 minnesotatimberwolves 96 home
denvernuggets 108 torontoraptors 97 away
chicagobulls 95 atlantahawks 90 away
charlottehornets 116 newyorkknicks 109 home
losangelesclippers 106 milwaukeebucks 98 away
orlandomagic 103 goldenstatewarriors 92 home
phoenixsuns 110 minnesotatimberwolves 102 home
dallasmavericks 90 utahjazz 87 away
washingtonwizards 110 detroitpistons 92 home
bostonceltics 106 denvernuggets 101 home
detroitpistons 94 charlottehornets 78 home
oklahomacitythunder 120 losangeleslakers 113 away
philadelphiaSSers 94 memphisgrizzlies 91 away
miamiheat 98 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
brooklynnets 95 neworleanspelicans 84 away
portlandtrailblazers 111 phoenixsuns 101 home
sacramentokings 85 dallasmavericks 80 home
sanantoniospurs 88 houstonrockets 81 home
torontoraptors 93 indianapacers 89 home
brooklynnets 90 houstonrockets 77 away
indianapacers 97 orlandomagic 83 home
losangelesclippers 95 minnesotatimberwolves 87 home
milwaukeebucks 88 atlantahawks 87 home
denvernuggets 108 newyorkknicks 96 away
washingtonwizards 119 charlottehornets 114 away
chicagobulls 95 portlandtrailblazers 66 home
dallasmavericks 91 clevelandcavaliers 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 93 bostonceltics 76 home
miamiheat 121 utahjazz 83 home
torontoraptors 111 philadelphiaSSers 97 away
sacramentokings 114 losangeleslakers 98 home
sanantoniospurs 96 neworleanspelicans 81 home
phoenixsuns 129 oklahomacitythunder 120 away
dallasmavericks 95 houstonrockets 81 away
denvernuggets 101 indianapacers 99 away
losangeleslakers 92 minnesotatimberwolves 89 home
milwaukeebucks 104 chicagobulls 88 home
brooklynnets 78 portlandtrailblazers 65 home
newyorkknicks 121 atlantahawks 117 home
orlandomagic 114 utahjazz 108 home
phoenixsuns 126 losangelesclippers 95 home
detroitpistons 105 torontoraptors 98 away
washingtonwizards 107 charlottehornets 99 home
goldenstatewarriors 105 minnesotatimberwolves 97 home
miamiheat 107 bostonceltics 104 home
oklahomacitythunder 102 philadelphiaSSers 98 home
utahjazz 111 atlantahawks 101 away
clevelandcavaliers 99 portlandtrailblazers 84 home
indianapacers 98 sacramentokings 93 home
losangelesclippers 99 philadelphiaSSers 89 home
memphisgrizzlies 116 denvernuggets 102 home
brooklynnets 92 losangeleslakers 89 home
newyorkknicks 105 detroitpistons 103 home
orlandomagic 84 bostonceltics 77 home
sanantoniospurs 108 phoenixsuns 102 home
torontoraptors 97 milwaukeebucks 96 home
dallasmavericks 104 washingtonwizards 94 away
detroitpistons 108 charlottehornets 103 away
miamiheat 85 chicagobulls 84 away
sanantoniospurs 92 houstonrockets 77 away
milwaukeebucks 97 portlandtrailblazers 93 home
denvernuggets 109 neworleanspelicans 94 away
atlantahawks 108 orlandomagic 107 home
clevelandcavaliers 96 losangeleslakers 95 home
goldenstatewarriors 98 philadelphiaSSers 89 home
bostonceltics 103 indianapacers 88 away
memphisgrizzlies 90 utahjazz 84 home
minnesotatimberwolves 95 sacramentokings 89 home
brooklynnets 100 dallasmavericks 89 home
miamiheat 111 newyorkknicks 100 away
washingtonwizards 113 chicagobulls 104 home
losangeleslakers 105 bostonceltics 97 away
detroitpistons 91 atlantahawks 84 home
losangelesclippers 99 houstonrockets 91 away
milwaukeebucks 100 portlandtrailblazers 93 away
neworleanspelicans 120 losangelesclippers 108 home
torontoraptors 114 newyorkknicks 109 away
sacramentokings 105 oklahomacitythunder 96 home
sanantoniospurs 107 goldenstatewarriors 96 home
utahjazz 107 phoenixsuns 99 home
brooklynnets 112 washingtonwizards 100 away
charlottehornets 108 orlandomagic 102 home
dallasmavericks 88 houstonrockets 72 home
memphisgrizzlies 105 indianapacers 75 home
minnesotatimberwolves 100 miamiheat 96 home
bostonceltics 110 torontoraptors 96 home
clevelandcavaliers 120 charlottehornets 118 home
denvernuggets 104 sanantoniospurs 92 home
detroitpistons 82 miamiheat 73 home
indianapacers 95 chicagobulls 85 home
losangeleslakers 87 sacramentokings 80 home
orlandomagic 111 newyorkknicks 87 home
philadelphiaSSers 115 atlantahawks 106 home
oklahomacitythunder 114 milwaukeebucks 105 home
goldenstatewarriors 122 dallasmavericks 121 away
memphisgrizzlies 95 losangelesclippers 85 home
brooklynnets 86 minnesotatimberwolves 82 home
houstonrockets 93 neworleanspelicans 92 away
phoenixsuns 125 portlandtrailblazers 108 home
washingtonwizards 109 utahjazz 97 away
chicagobulls 96 neworleanspelicans 82 home
clevelandcavaliers 94 bostonceltics 82 home
denvernuggets 117 oklahomacitythunder 104 home
detroitpistons 75 indianapacers 72 away
losangeleslakers 101 milwaukeebucks 96 home
miamiheat 114 charlottehornets 93 home
memphisgrizzlies 91 newyorkknicks 75 away
orlandomagic 102 philadelphiaSSers 86 away
sanantoniospurs 98 portlandtrailblazers 79 away
torontoraptors 97 minnesotatimberwolves 77 home
dallasmavericks 98 atlantahawks 83 away
losangelesclippers 116 washingtonwizards 101 home
phoenixsuns 107 denvernuggets 96 home
sacramentokings 91 utahjazz 89 away
chicagobulls 101 bostonceltics 97 away
brooklynnets 79 detroitpistons 74 away
clevelandcavaliers 104 houstonrockets 102 away
indianapacers 92 philadelphiaSSers 79 home
losangeleslakers 105 neworleanspelicans 94 home
memphisgrizzlies 102 charlottehornets 95 home
milwaukeebucks 125 torontoraptors 116 home
minnesotatimberwolves 98 newyorkknicks 94 home
orlandomagic 108 atlantahawks 101 home
losangelesclippers 97 portlandtrailblazers 83 away
goldenstatewarriors 90 sacramentokings 83 away
oklahomacitythunder 106 sanantoniospurs 102 home
washingtonwizards 116 goldenstatewarriors 98 away
miamiheat 96 indianapacers 91 home
brooklynnets 110 phoenixsuns 72 home
utahjazz 104 neworleanspelicans 80 home
charlottehornets 125 atlantahawks 117 home
orlandomagic 97 chicagobulls 93 away
detroitpistons 97 dallasmavericks 90 home
sanantoniospurs 98 losangelesclippers 87 away
oklahomacitythunder 98 memphisgrizzlies 97 away
milwaukeebucks 132 phoenixsuns 110 home
washingtonwizards 97 sacramentokings 84 away
atlantahawks 94 indianapacers 93 home
clevelandcavaliers 107 dallasmavericks 94 home
utahjazz 115 denvernuggets 104 away
neworleanspelicans 86 goldenstatewarriors 85 away
houstonrockets 115 oklahomacitythunder 87 home
minnesotatimberwolves 103 orlandomagic 91 home
brooklynnets 86 memphisgrizzlies 74 home
bostonceltics 123 newyorkknicks 98 away
detroitpistons 101 philadelphiaSSers 91 away
sacramentokings 106 portlandtrailblazers 90 away
miamiheat 98 torontoraptors 94 away
phoenixsuns 114 indianapacers 104 away
sanantoniospurs 96 losangeleslakers 85 away
brooklynnets 91 atlantahawks 88 away
chicagobulls 113 charlottehornets 107 away
denvernuggets 106 minnesotatimberwolves 94 home
detroitpistons 112 milwaukeebucks 105 home
sacramentokings 96 goldenstatewarriors 93 away
houstonrockets 105 washingtonwizards 103 home
losangelesclippers 106 utahjazz 91 home
neworleanspelicans 107 memphisgrizzlies 102 home
philadelphiaSSers 117 newyorkknicks 112 away
orlandomagic 108 dallasmavericks 99 home
losangeleslakers 106 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
phoenixsuns 140 torontoraptors 126 away
chicagobulls 100 bostonceltics 94 home
clevelandcavaliers 106 miamiheat 99 home
milwaukeebucks 96 indianapacers 89 home
utahjazz 102 portlandtrailblazers 89 away
sanantoniospurs 106 washingtonwizards 99 home
clevelandcavaliers 101 charlottehornets 97 away
dallasmavericks 103 denvernuggets 79 home
detroitpistons 109 phoenixsuns 102 home
losangeleslakers 104 houstonrockets 88 home
memphisgrizzlies 98 atlantahawks 87 home
minnesotatimberwolves 106 goldenstatewarriors 104 home
brooklynnets 90 miamiheat 78 home
philadelphiaSSers 114 newyorkknicks 95 home
sacramentokings 106 losangelesclippers 96 home
oklahomacitythunder 122 portlandtrailblazers 83 home
neworleanspelicans 120 torontoraptors 113 away
charlottehornets 97 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
chicagobulls 102 indianapacers 96 home
clevelandcavaliers 124 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
dallasmavericks 127 sacramentokings 101 home
detroitpistons 101 neworleanspelicans 93 home
losangelesclippers 111 denvernuggets 109 home
memphisgrizzlies 100 goldenstatewarriors 75 home
miamiheat 115 milwaukeebucks 89 home
brooklynnets 96 atlantahawks 94 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 houstonrockets 87 home
bostonceltics 124 torontoraptors 120 away
sanantoniospurs 95 utahjazz 86 away
washingtonwizards 105 newyorkknicks 90 home
atlantahawks 101 minnesotatimberwolves 99 home
washingtonwizards 108 bostonceltics 91 away
indianapacers 111 torontoraptors 103 home
neworleanspelicans 114 goldenstatewarriors 109 home
newyorkknicks 96 clevelandcavaliers 94 home
orlandomagic 108 milwaukeebucks 105 home
chicagobulls 99 philadelphiaSSers 92 away
losangelesclippers 119 phoenixsuns 105 away
portlandtrailblazers 76 houstonrockets 75 home
sacramentokings 97 sanantoniospurs 87 away
denvernuggets 110 losangeleslakers 108 home
detroitpistons 95 miamiheat 82 away
brooklynnets 113 charlottehornets 102 home
atlantahawks 114 washingtonwizards 101 home
houstonrockets 100 goldenstatewarriors 93 away
sacramentokings 96 losangelesclippers 93 away
memphisgrizzlies 100 milwaukeebucks 90 home
utahjazz 103 minnesotatimberwolves 95 away
neworleanspelicans 95 torontoraptors 89 home
newyorkknicks 98 indianapacers 96 home
orlandomagic 89 detroitpistons 87 home
bostonceltics 109 philadelphiaSSers 99 away
phoenixsuns 107 losangeleslakers 96 home
oklahomacitythunder 121 portlandtrailblazers 108 away
dallasmavericks 92 sanantoniospurs 86 away
philadelphiaSSers 89 chicagobulls 75 away
dallasmavericks 101 neworleanspelicans 77 home
denvernuggets 95 goldenstatewarriors 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 108 brooklynnets 102 away
utahjazz 110 portlandtrailblazers 93 home
miamiheat 99 washingtonwizards 86 away
newyorkknicks 101 bostonceltics 86 away
detroitpistons 98 indianapacers 73 home
losangeleslakers 100 losangelesclippers 83 home
orlandomagic 93 miamiheat 84 away
brooklynnets 95 milwaukeebucks 83 away
minnesotatimberwolves 84 atlantahawks 83 home
sacramentokings 86 houstonrockets 77 home
sanantoniospurs 83 memphisgrizzlies 81 home
oklahomacitythunder 116 phoenixsuns 114 home
charlottehornets 94 torontoraptors 88 away
indianapacers 101 newyorkknicks 82 home
dallasmavericks 75 losangelesclippers 73 away
clevelandcavaliers 103 neworleanspelicans 101 away
orlandomagic 105 atlantahawks 88 home
philadelphiaSSers 105 washingtonwizards 97 home
denvernuggets 110 portlandtrailblazers 98 away
utahjazz 85 houstonrockets 83 home
chicagobulls 104 brooklynnets 101 home
losangeleslakers 111 goldenstatewarriors 100 home
memphisgrizzlies 92 minnesotatimberwolves 76 home
miamiheat 106 torontoraptors 97 home
phoenixsuns 123 sacramentokings 110 away
sanantoniospurs 104 oklahomacitythunder 95 home
chicagobulls 96 atlantahawks 90 away
memphisgrizzlies 96 charlottehornets 88 away
detroitpistons 96 clevelandcavaliers 73 home
goldenstatewarriors 114 dallasmavericks 102 home
minnesotatimberwolves 82 houstonrockets 79 away
indianapacers 117 bostonceltics 112 home
losangelesclippers 97 portlandtrailblazers 93 home
milwaukeebucks 100 washingtonwizards 97 home
philadelphiaSSers 116 brooklynnets 96 away
neworleanspelicans 104 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
orlandomagic 103 torontoraptors 96 home
utahjazz 104 denvernuggets 83 home
clevelandcavaliers 91 newyorkknicks 87 home
phoenixsuns 117 dallasmavericks 104 home
orlandomagic 92 sanantoniospurs 80 away
charlottehornets 116 atlantahawks 110 away
brooklynnets 79 bostonceltics 74 away
chicagobulls 103 washingtonwizards 101 home
goldenstatewarriors 110 phoenixsuns 102 home
indianapacers 89 minnesotatimberwolves 77 home
losangeleslakers 110 portlandtrailblazers 99 home
miamiheat 104 philadelphiaSSers 85 home
utahjazz 105 neworleanspelicans 104 away
milwaukeebucks 97 newyorkknicks 80 away
losangelesclippers 101 oklahomacitythunder 97 away
torontoraptors 108 detroitpistons 103 home
charlottehornets 92 indianapacers 91 home
sacramentokings 100 denvernuggets 82 away
memphisgrizzlies 93 houstonrockets 81 away
atlantahawks 120 milwaukeebucks 114 away
orlandomagic 102 philadelphiaSSers 97 home
goldenstatewarriors 86 portlandtrailblazers 81 away
dallasmavericks 111 utahjazz 95 home
detroitpistons 103 newyorkknicks 97 home
oklahomacitythunder 114 losangelesclippers 98 away
losangeleslakers 109 phoenixsuns 89 home
chicagobulls 117 miamiheat 93 away
sanantoniospurs 103 minnesotatimberwolves 90 away
brooklynnets 95 bostonceltics 93 home
sacramentokings 96 neworleanspelicans 79 home
washingtonwizards 104 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 93 bostonceltics 88 away
houstonrockets 86 denvernuggets 83 away
goldenstatewarriors 93 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
milwaukeebucks 113 detroitpistons 93 home
charlottehornets 98 newyorkknicks 91 away
chicagobulls 116 orlandomagic 112 away
phoenixsuns 115 neworleanspelicans 78 home
sanantoniospurs 115 utahjazz 82 home
indianapacers 120 torontoraptors 95 away
atlantahawks 103 miamiheat 100 home
memphisgrizzlies 101 losangelesclippers 95 home
philadelphiaSSers 91 brooklynnets 88 home
sacramentokings 111 oklahomacitythunder 105 home
washingtonwizards 116 milwaukeebucks 103 home
bostonceltics 85 miamiheat 78 home
charlottehornets 96 philadelphiaSSers 86 home
chicagobulls 127 torontoraptors 106 home
clevelandcavaliers 100 atlantahawks 99 home
losangelesclippers 85 dallasmavericks 71 away
washingtonwizards 96 detroitpistons 80 away
sanantoniospurs 89 houstonrockets 87 away
indianapacers 89 orlandomagic 83 home
losangeleslakers 115 neworleanspelicans 95 home
memphisgrizzlies 102 minnesotatimberwolves 92 away
newyorkknicks 90 brooklynnets 83 away
phoenixsuns 106 portlandtrailblazers 96 away
oklahomacitythunder 109 denvernuggets 98 home
utahjazz 105 goldenstatewarriors 102 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 washingtonwizards 86 home
losangelesclippers 89 denvernuggets 87 home
miamiheat 111 chicagobulls 106 home
sanantoniospurs 122 sacramentokings 88 home
dallasmavericks 103 memphisgrizzlies 93 home
detroitpistons 92 milwaukeebucks 74 home
indianapacers 90 brooklynnets 88 away
phoenixsuns 107 losangeleslakers 102 home
losangelesclippers 98 denvernuggets 87 home
miamiheat 115 chicagobulls 108 home
washingtonwizards 89 clevelandcavaliers 84 away
brooklynnets 90 indianapacers 75 home
sanantoniospurs 128 sacramentokings 119 home
dallasmavericks 94 memphisgrizzlies 79 home
detroitpistons 109 milwaukeebucks 98 home
losangeleslakers 99 phoenixsuns 93 away
chicagobulls 109 miamiheat 90 home
denvernuggets 94 losangelesclippers 87 home
indianapacers 107 brooklynnets 95 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 washingtonwizards 96 away
losangeleslakers 99 phoenixsuns 92 home
sacramentokings 94 sanantoniospurs 93 home
losangelesclippers 100 denvernuggets 86 away
brooklynnets 97 indianapacers 88 away
dallasmavericks 94 memphisgrizzlies 89 away
milwaukeebucks 124 detroitpistons 104 home
chicagobulls 93 miamiheat 87 home
losangeleslakers 99 phoenixsuns 98 home
sacramentokings 102 sanantoniospurs 84 home
washingtonwizards 106 clevelandcavaliers 96 home
losangelesclippers 101 denvernuggets 83 home
dallasmavericks 102 memphisgrizzlies 76 away
detroitpistons 109 milwaukeebucks 99 away
miamiheat 92 chicagobulls 78 home
brooklynnets 92 indianapacers 86 home
phoenixsuns 114 losangeleslakers 97 home
sanantoniospurs 109 sacramentokings 98 home
clevelandcavaliers 121 washingtonwizards 120 home
detroitpistons 122 milwaukeebucks 93 home
miamiheat 113 chicagobulls 96 away
brooklynnets 96 indianapacers 90 away
phoenixsuns 126 losangeleslakers 118 away
sanantoniospurs 105 sacramentokings 83 away
clevelandcavaliers 114 washingtonwizards 113 away
phoenixsuns 121 losangeleslakers 90 home
detroitpistons 113 clevelandcavaliers 86 home
sanantoniospurs 87 dallasmavericks 85 home
brooklynnets 100 miamiheat 88 away
phoenixsuns 130 losangelesclippers 123 home
detroitpistons 97 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
dallasmavericks 113 sanantoniospurs 91 away
miamiheat 111 brooklynnets 89 home
losangelesclippers 122 phoenixsuns 97 away
phoenixsuns 94 losangelesclippers 91 away
miamiheat 103 brooklynnets 92 away
clevelandcavaliers 86 detroitpistons 77 home
dallasmavericks 104 sanantoniospurs 103 home
losangelesclippers 114 phoenixsuns 107 home
miamiheat 102 brooklynnets 92 away
clevelandcavaliers 74 detroitpistons 72 home
dallasmavericks 123 sanantoniospurs 118 home
miamiheat 106 brooklynnets 105 home
phoenixsuns 125 losangelesclippers 118 home
clevelandcavaliers 86 detroitpistons 84 away
sanantoniospurs 98 dallasmavericks 97 home
losangelesclippers 118 phoenixsuns 106 home
detroitpistons 84 clevelandcavaliers 82 away
sanantoniospurs 91 dallasmavericks 86 away
detroitpistons 79 clevelandcavaliers 61 home
phoenixsuns 127 losangelesclippers 107 home
dallasmavericks 119 sanantoniospurs 111 away
miamiheat 91 detroitpistons 86 away
phoenixsuns 121 dallasmavericks 118 away
detroitpistons 92 miamiheat 88 home
dallasmavericks 105 phoenixsuns 98 home
miamiheat 98 detroitpistons 83 home
dallasmavericks 95 phoenixsuns 88 away
miamiheat 89 detroitpistons 78 home
phoenixsuns 106 dallasmavericks 86 home
detroitpistons 91 miamiheat 78 home
dallasmavericks 117 phoenixsuns 101 home
miamiheat 95 detroitpistons 78 home
dallasmavericks 102 phoenixsuns 93 away
dallasmavericks 90 miamiheat 80 home
dallasmavericks 99 miamiheat 85 home
miamiheat 98 dallasmavericks 96 home
miamiheat 98 dallasmavericks 74 home
miamiheat 101 dallasmavericks 100 home
miamiheat 95 dallasmavericks 92 away
