losangeleslakers 114 phoenixsuns 106 home
chicagobulls 108 miamiheat 66 away
neworleanspelicans 91 bostonceltics 87 away
indianapacers 106 charlottehornets 99 away
clevelandcavaliers 97 washingtonwizards 94 home
milwaukeebucks 105 detroitpistons 97 away
losangeleslakers 110 goldenstatewarriors 98 away
newyorkknicks 118 memphisgrizzlies 117 away
minnesotatimberwolves 92 sacramentokings 83 home
brooklynnets 102 torontoraptors 92 home
orlandomagic 109 chicagobulls 94 home
philadelphiaSSers 88 atlantahawks 75 home
phoenixsuns 112 losangelesclippers 104 home
portlandtrailblazers 110 oklahomacitythunder 106 away
utahjazz 107 houstonrockets 97 home
sanantoniospurs 97 dallasmavericks 91 away
losangelesclippers 96 denvernuggets 95 home
atlantahawks 102 newyorkknicks 92 home
detroitpistons 101 bostonceltics 88 away
sacramentokings 89 chicagobulls 88 away
minnesotatimberwolves 112 denvernuggets 109 away
goldenstatewarriors 102 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
neworleanspelicans 100 indianapacers 91 away
losangeleslakers 118 oklahomacitythunder 112 home
memphisgrizzlies 96 charlottehornets 83 home
miamiheat 91 brooklynnets 85 home
philadelphiaSSers 105 orlandomagic 103 away
utahjazz 108 phoenixsuns 104 away
clevelandcavaliers 88 sanantoniospurs 81 away
torontoraptors 109 milwaukeebucks 92 home
charlottehornets 92 clevelandcavaliers 88 home
detroitpistons 95 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
houstonrockets 107 dallasmavericks 76 home
losangelesclippers 114 phoenixsuns 108 home
milwaukeebucks 104 sacramentokings 91 home
indianapacers 109 newyorkknicks 95 away
portlandtrailblazers 88 minnesotatimberwolves 86 home
utahjazz 106 goldenstatewarriors 82 home
washingtonwizards 124 bostonceltics 117 home
atlantahawks 95 orlandomagic 82 home
neworleanspelicans 96 houstonrockets 90 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 miamiheat 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 117 losangeleslakers 101 home
sanantoniospurs 103 torontoraptors 94 away
chicagobulls 110 milwaukeebucks 85 home
goldenstatewarriors 107 dallasmavericks 104 away
losangelesclippers 102 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
sanantoniospurs 105 newyorkknicks 93 away
orlandomagic 106 washingtonwizards 103 home
sacramentokings 93 minnesotatimberwolves 81 home
utahjazz 103 detroitpistons 101 home
atlantahawks 104 clevelandcavaliers 95 away
indianapacers 97 philadelphiaSSers 86 home
losangeleslakers 95 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
houstonrockets 86 memphisgrizzlies 80 away
miamiheat 90 oklahomacitythunder 87 home
neworleanspelicans 97 goldenstatewarriors 93 home
bostonceltics 110 charlottehornets 108 home
newyorkknicks 109 denvernuggets 107 away
losangelesclippers 103 dallasmavericks 85 home
houstonrockets 97 milwaukeebucks 93 away
brooklynnets 96 utahjazz 89 home
orlandomagic 88 oklahomacitythunder 87 home
portlandtrailblazers 101 losangeleslakers 90 home
sacramentokings 99 detroitpistons 86 home
sanantoniospurs 111 phoenixsuns 106 home
torontoraptors 106 philadelphiaSSers 104 home
washingtonwizards 117 indianapacers 91 home
clevelandcavaliers 113 chicagobulls 94 home
goldenstatewarriors 121 neworleanspelicans 116 home
dallasmavericks 119 phoenixsuns 112 away
utahjazz 107 bostonceltics 100 away
oklahomacitythunder 99 charlottehornets 85 away
houstonrockets 103 newyorkknicks 94 home
indianapacers 93 orlandomagic 83 home
detroitpistons 97 losangeleslakers 83 away
miamiheat 113 brooklynnets 106 away
denvernuggets 108 philadelphiaSSers 101 away
portlandtrailblazers 92 neworleanspelicans 91 home
atlantahawks 111 torontoraptors 102 away
washingtonwizards 116 milwaukeebucks 111 home
oklahomacitythunder 113 atlantahawks 112 away
chicagobulls 89 indianapacers 80 home
clevelandcavaliers 94 bostonceltics 93 home
goldenstatewarriors 111 detroitpistons 79 home
utahjazz 113 milwaukeebucks 111 away
orlandomagic 109 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
phoenixsuns 96 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
sanantoniospurs 100 newyorkknicks 92 home
denvernuggets 108 charlottehornets 101 away
losangelesclippers 92 neworleanspelicans 76 home
losangeleslakers 91 memphisgrizzlies 81 home
houstonrockets 94 miamiheat 72 away
dallasmavericks 103 portlandtrailblazers 96 away
sacramentokings 107 torontoraptors 92 home
brooklynnets 105 washingtonwizards 93 away
orlandomagic 92 bostonceltics 89 away
oklahomacitythunder 119 brooklynnets 113 away
clevelandcavaliers 102 newyorkknicks 96 away
milwaukeebucks 103 atlantahawks 101 away
dallasmavericks 111 chicagobulls 99 home
goldenstatewarriors 110 torontoraptors 99 home
sanantoniospurs 92 houstonrockets 84 away
denvernuggets 112 miamiheat 105 away
minnesotatimberwolves 101 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
neworleanspelicans 94 charlottehornets 85 home
utahjazz 112 losangelesclippers 90 home
bostonceltics 114 indianapacers 88 home
clevelandcavaliers 100 portlandtrailblazers 87 home
neworleanspelicans 100 detroitpistons 99 away
brooklynnets 100 milwaukeebucks 87 home
newyorkknicks 102 washingtonwizards 82 home
orlandomagic 108 denvernuggets 99 home
sacramentokings 115 memphisgrizzlies 111 home
charlottehornets 95 sanantoniospurs 92 away
philadelphiaSSers 96 oklahomacitythunder 90 away
goldenstatewarriors 117 sacramentokings 105 home
houstonrockets 101 chicagobulls 100 home
bostonceltics 118 portlandtrailblazers 90 home
clevelandcavaliers 92 minnesotatimberwolves 76 home
detroitpistons 100 washingtonwizards 91 home
brooklynnets 100 indianapacers 91 away
losangeleslakers 107 torontoraptors 100 home
dallasmavericks 115 memphisgrizzlies 103 away
newyorkknicks 100 miamiheat 76 away
phoenixsuns 106 philadelphiaSSers 94 home
sanantoniospurs 100 chicagobulls 83 home
utahjazz 118 oklahomacitythunder 109 away
miamiheat 93 atlantahawks 88 away
dallasmavericks 89 memphisgrizzlies 84 home
denvernuggets 117 torontoraptors 109 home
detroitpistons 104 houstonrockets 92 home
goldenstatewarriors 107 oklahomacitythunder 95 home
losangelesclippers 103 philadelphiaSSers 97 home
indianapacers 102 milwaukeebucks 100 away
neworleanspelicans 99 minnesotatimberwolves 96 away
portlandtrailblazers 86 brooklynnets 68 away
bostonceltics 122 newyorkknicks 118 away
orlandomagic 97 charlottehornets 83 home
utahjazz 120 phoenixsuns 117 home
washingtonwizards 111 clevelandcavaliers 99 home
losangeleslakers 82 chicagobulls 72 home
sanantoniospurs 108 sacramentokings 99 away
dallasmavericks 93 charlottehornets 85 away
phoenixsuns 113 goldenstatewarriors 110 away
memphisgrizzlies 95 orlandomagic 86 home
houstonrockets 97 newyorkknicks 90 away
sanantoniospurs 107 portlandtrailblazers 98 away
oklahomacitythunder 99 brooklynnets 87 home
utahjazz 101 torontoraptors 96 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 memphisgrizzlies 94 home
dallasmavericks 107 washingtonwizards 80 home
denvernuggets 113 chicagobulls 109 home
indianapacers 93 milwaukeebucks 88 home
losangeleslakers 105 losangelesclippers 101 home
neworleanspelicans 101 miamiheat 86 home
detroitpistons 97 philadelphiaSSers 87 away
charlottehornets 92 bostonceltics 83 home
detroitpistons 103 atlantahawks 98 home
denvernuggets 115 goldenstatewarriors 112 away
houstonrockets 86 washingtonwizards 82 home
oklahomacitythunder 95 losangelesclippers 85 away
milwaukeebucks 98 philadelphiaSSers 94 home
minnesotatimberwolves 107 newyorkknicks 89 home
orlandomagic 96 indianapacers 91 home
phoenixsuns 92 neworleanspelicans 83 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 brooklynnets 97 home
utahjazz 110 sacramentokings 101 away
sanantoniospurs 106 miamiheat 86 home
torontoraptors 95 clevelandcavaliers 87 home
atlantahawks 97 torontoraptors 93 home
newyorkknicks 101 bostonceltics 77 away
denvernuggets 140 goldenstatewarriors 129 home
detroitpistons 104 charlottehornets 95 home
indianapacers 97 clevelandcavaliers 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 95 washingtonwizards 80 home
orlandomagic 107 miamiheat 104 away
minnesotatimberwolves 86 neworleanspelicans 79 away
philadelphiaSSers 123 chicagobulls 108 home
phoenixsuns 99 brooklynnets 93 home
dallasmavericks 95 sanantoniospurs 92 away
sacramentokings 109 oklahomacitythunder 100 away
utahjazz 114 losangeleslakers 108 home
bostonceltics 111 milwaukeebucks 98 away
minnesotatimberwolves 104 losangelesclippers 96 home
chicagobulls 106 newyorkknicks 95 away
orlandomagic 98 atlantahawks 79 home
sacramentokings 105 portlandtrailblazers 85 home
detroitpistons 115 washingtonwizards 111 away
miamiheat 102 charlottehornets 93 away
clevelandcavaliers 108 philadelphiaSSers 95 home
dallasmavericks 85 neworleanspelicans 73 home
goldenstatewarriors 91 utahjazz 78 home
houstonrockets 85 memphisgrizzlies 76 home
denvernuggets 103 losangelesclippers 88 home
losangeleslakers 99 brooklynnets 93 home
phoenixsuns 119 portlandtrailblazers 101 away
sanantoniospurs 98 oklahomacitythunder 78 away
torontoraptors 92 indianapacers 83 home
dallasmavericks 93 minnesotatimberwolves 87 home
goldenstatewarriors 111 sanantoniospurs 102 home
miamiheat 103 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
orlandomagic 88 utahjazz 75 away
chicagobulls 102 newyorkknicks 85 home
memphisgrizzlies 108 denvernuggets 96 away
houstonrockets 82 minnesotatimberwolves 75 home
milwaukeebucks 109 losangeleslakers 105 away
charlottehornets 96 brooklynnets 92 away
torontoraptors 94 neworleanspelicans 77 away
indianapacers 105 portlandtrailblazers 97 away
sacramentokings 93 losangelesclippers 80 home
washingtonwizards 96 atlantahawks 95 home
atlantahawks 99 charlottehornets 90 home
brooklynnets 106 bostonceltics 103 away
newyorkknicks 101 clevelandcavaliers 98 away
dallasmavericks 117 torontoraptors 98 home
indianapacers 108 goldenstatewarriors 106 away
losangelesclippers 105 memphisgrizzlies 90 home
phoenixsuns 102 houstonrockets 91 home
orlandomagic 94 oklahomacitythunder 84 away
utahjazz 83 sanantoniospurs 75 home
losangeleslakers 132 utahjazz 102 home
detroitpistons 87 miamiheat 85 away
clevelandcavaliers 106 atlantahawks 95 away
dallasmavericks 109 sacramentokings 90 home
detroitpistons 108 newyorkknicks 100 home
denvernuggets 106 minnesotatimberwolves 92 away
chicagobulls 111 neworleanspelicans 108 away
phoenixsuns 122 milwaukeebucks 116 home
orlandomagic 91 portlandtrailblazers 89 away
oklahomacitythunder 105 indianapacers 103 home
torontoraptors 106 bostonceltics 102 home
washingtonwizards 121 charlottehornets 109 home
chicagobulls 112 washingtonwizards 94 home
denvernuggets 121 indianapacers 101 home
milwaukeebucks 115 goldenstatewarriors 110 away
houstonrockets 81 clevelandcavaliers 63 home
losangeleslakers 97 losangelesclippers 88 home
miamiheat 98 memphisgrizzlies 97 away
brooklynnets 112 philadelphiaSSers 107 home
torontoraptors 103 newyorkknicks 100 away
sanantoniospurs 100 sacramentokings 98 home
utahjazz 109 oklahomacitythunder 107 home
charlottehornets 97 detroitpistons 89 home
losangelesclippers 116 orlandomagic 91 home
minnesotatimberwolves 95 philadelphiaSSers 84 away
atlantahawks 107 portlandtrailblazers 96 away
chicagobulls 100 bostonceltics 82 home
losangeleslakers 101 indianapacers 87 home
newyorkknicks 98 memphisgrizzlies 90 home
orlandomagic 92 sacramentokings 89 away
sanantoniospurs 129 goldenstatewarriors 89 home
utahjazz 101 milwaukeebucks 88 home
washingtonwizards 106 dallasmavericks 97 home
portlandtrailblazers 88 detroitpistons 85 away
houstonrockets 118 goldenstatewarriors 90 home
losangelesclippers 101 miamiheat 97 home
dallasmavericks 92 brooklynnets 75 away
phoenixsuns 127 sacramentokings 102 home
oklahomacitythunder 102 atlantahawks 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 98 bostonceltics 96 away
sanantoniospurs 96 charlottehornets 76 away
chicagobulls 121 philadelphiaSSers 94 home
clevelandcavaliers 95 torontoraptors 91 home
atlantahawks 98 denvernuggets 96 away
indianapacers 94 orlandomagic 80 home
neworleanspelicans 105 losangeleslakers 89 away
milwaukeebucks 102 portlandtrailblazers 94 home
minnesotatimberwolves 90 houstonrockets 84 home
washingtonwizards 113 newyorkknicks 102 away
detroitpistons 92 dallasmavericks 82 away
phoenixsuns 161 brooklynnets 157 away
miamiheat 93 sacramentokings 91 away
phoenixsuns 116 bostonceltics 111 away
houstonrockets 92 charlottehornets 62 away
chicagobulls 93 torontoraptors 90 home
denvernuggets 123 miamiheat 107 home
indianapacers 108 portlandtrailblazers 95 home
losangeleslakers 106 atlantahawks 95 home
milwaukeebucks 100 memphisgrizzlies 94 home
minnesotatimberwolves 110 utahjazz 103 home
detroitpistons 87 orlandomagic 83 away
washingtonwizards 113 philadelphiaSSers 98 away
sanantoniospurs 111 losangelesclippers 82 home
oklahomacitythunder 94 neworleanspelicans 74 home
minnesotatimberwolves 91 chicagobulls 81 away
clevelandcavaliers 107 indianapacers 75 home
dallasmavericks 105 denvernuggets 90 home
goldenstatewarriors 101 neworleanspelicans 80 home
losangelesclippers 89 memphisgrizzlies 82 away
bostonceltics 92 brooklynnets 90 away
newyorkknicks 115 milwaukeebucks 107 home
orlandomagic 86 philadelphiaSSers 84 home
houstonrockets 114 washingtonwizards 109 away
phoenixsuns 114 charlottehornets 84 away
losangeleslakers 106 sanantoniospurs 99 home
sacramentokings 117 atlantahawks 92 home
oklahomacitythunder 117 goldenstatewarriors 115 home
portlandtrailblazers 93 torontoraptors 83 away
chicagobulls 106 indianapacers 91 home
sanantoniospurs 103 losangelesclippers 81 away
miamiheat 99 torontoraptors 77 home
brooklynnets 105 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
neworleanspelicans 95 clevelandcavaliers 89 home
bostonceltics 97 newyorkknicks 90 away
phoenixsuns 103 orlandomagic 89 away
portlandtrailblazers 81 philadelphiaSSers 79 away
utahjazz 101 dallasmavericks 79 home
denvernuggets 100 atlantahawks 87 away
goldenstatewarriors 126 sacramentokings 113 home
losangeleslakers 102 houstonrockets 94 away
milwaukeebucks 94 oklahomacitythunder 93 home
chicagobulls 99 oklahomacitythunder 84 home
clevelandcavaliers 104 charlottehornets 101 home
dallasmavericks 110 losangeleslakers 101 home
indianapacers 101 detroitpistons 90 home
utahjazz 105 losangelesclippers 86 away
portlandtrailblazers 85 memphisgrizzlies 79 away
phoenixsuns 99 miamiheat 89 away
brooklynnets 108 milwaukeebucks 95 home
newyorkknicks 94 atlantahawks 82 home
torontoraptors 91 orlandomagic 84 away
bostonceltics 101 philadelphiaSSers 81 away
sanantoniospurs 95 minnesotatimberwolves 82 home
washingtonwizards 120 denvernuggets 91 home
charlottehornets 99 orlandomagic 89 home
goldenstatewarriors 109 houstonrockets 107 home
sanantoniospurs 103 neworleanspelicans 77 away
bostonceltics 119 denvernuggets 114 home
chicagobulls 117 milwaukeebucks 111 home
clevelandcavaliers 106 oklahomacitythunder 84 home
dallasmavericks 93 philadelphiaSSers 79 home
indianapacers 112 newyorkknicks 96 home
losangeleslakers 112 houstonrockets 101 home
atlantahawks 97 memphisgrizzlies 88 away
phoenixsuns 105 goldenstatewarriors 101 home
portlandtrailblazers 109 losangelesclippers 99 home
torontoraptors 90 brooklynnets 78 home
sacramentokings 98 utahjazz 97 away
washingtonwizards 106 miamiheat 95 home
chicagobulls 106 atlantahawks 104 away
bostonceltics 106 charlottehornets 100 away
miamiheat 98 memphisgrizzlies 90 home
milwaukeebucks 108 minnesotatimberwolves 104 home
detroitpistons 90 brooklynnets 82 away
dallasmavericks 90 neworleanspelicans 79 away
denvernuggets 123 newyorkknicks 100 away
orlandomagic 81 clevelandcavaliers 74 home
phoenixsuns 105 sacramentokings 98 away
sanantoniospurs 103 philadelphiaSSers 98 home
detroitpistons 97 oklahomacitythunder 93 home
utahjazz 104 indianapacers 94 away
houstonrockets 108 losangelesclippers 103 away
washingtonwizards 147 losangeleslakers 141 away
torontoraptors 120 goldenstatewarriors 115 home
denvernuggets 117 washingtonwizards 108 home
memphisgrizzlies 134 oklahomacitythunder 126 home
miamiheat 101 neworleanspelicans 99 home
brooklynnets 105 goldenstatewarriors 97 home
newyorkknicks 97 utahjazz 96 home
dallasmavericks 109 sacramentokings 91 away
chicagobulls 94 losangeleslakers 89 home
phoenixsuns 115 torontoraptors 98 home
utahjazz 112 atlantahawks 106 away
goldenstatewarriors 96 bostonceltics 95 away
torontoraptors 98 losangelesclippers 96 away
milwaukeebucks 121 miamiheat 95 home
losangeleslakers 111 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
brooklynnets 113 clevelandcavaliers 111 home
newyorkknicks 111 charlottehornets 109 home
orlandomagic 86 neworleanspelicans 83 home
indianapacers 101 philadelphiaSSers 93 away
portlandtrailblazers 89 houstonrockets 87 home
sanantoniospurs 105 memphisgrizzlies 98 home
dallasmavericks 103 oklahomacitythunder 95 away
detroitpistons 87 clevelandcavaliers 71 away
washingtonwizards 126 sacramentokings 119 away
indianapacers 100 atlantahawks 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 98 bostonceltics 83 away
charlottehornets 101 utahjazz 89 home
dallasmavericks 115 losangelesclippers 83 home
sacramentokings 101 denvernuggets 96 away
milwaukeebucks 113 minnesotatimberwolves 107 away
losangeleslakers 99 brooklynnets 95 away
neworleanspelicans 100 memphisgrizzlies 97 home
newyorkknicks 103 chicagobulls 92 home
goldenstatewarriors 117 orlandomagic 108 away
washingtonwizards 144 phoenixsuns 139 away
torontoraptors 101 portlandtrailblazers 100 away
houstonrockets 97 sanantoniospurs 78 away
chicagobulls 115 charlottehornets 76 home
clevelandcavaliers 86 orlandomagic 83 home
detroitpistons 108 atlantahawks 81 home
losangelesclippers 98 houstonrockets 93 away
minnesotatimberwolves 78 indianapacers 71 away
utahjazz 100 memphisgrizzlies 97 away
miamiheat 105 goldenstatewarriors 92 home
milwaukeebucks 115 brooklynnets 104 home
sanantoniospurs 112 neworleanspelicans 77 away
philadelphiaSSers 98 newyorkknicks 77 home
oklahomacitythunder 110 torontoraptors 97 home
miamiheat 101 losangeleslakers 85 home
dallasmavericks 97 charlottehornets 84 home
denvernuggets 116 bostonceltics 105 home
detroitpistons 92 brooklynnets 91 home
goldenstatewarriors 116 philadelphiaSSers 97 home
indianapacers 81 houstonrockets 76 home
minnesotatimberwolves 100 chicagobulls 98 home
phoenixsuns 110 portlandtrailblazers 87 home
milwaukeebucks 114 sanantoniospurs 107 away
oklahomacitythunder 102 neworleanspelicans 94 home
utahjazz 102 losangelesclippers 92 home
washingtonwizards 116 memphisgrizzlies 101 home
clevelandcavaliers 89 atlantahawks 76 away
washingtonwizards 114 charlottehornets 107 away
chicagobulls 109 miamiheat 103 home
losangelesclippers 100 bostonceltics 77 home
milwaukeebucks 112 memphisgrizzlies 96 away
houstonrockets 96 brooklynnets 71 away
newyorkknicks 151 detroitpistons 145 home
losangeleslakers 106 orlandomagic 93 away
portlandtrailblazers 100 neworleanspelicans 85 home
sacramentokings 101 philadelphiaSSers 76 home
torontoraptors 100 minnesotatimberwolves 97 home
dallasmavericks 101 phoenixsuns 99 home
denvernuggets 112 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
sanantoniospurs 106 utahjazz 83 home
charlottehornets 133 losangeleslakers 124 home
clevelandcavaliers 109 milwaukeebucks 99 home
indianapacers 93 detroitpistons 92 away
goldenstatewarriors 110 bostonceltics 100 home
houstonrockets 94 atlantahawks 68 home
losangelesclippers 102 sacramentokings 93 home
brooklynnets 91 miamiheat 81 away
minnesotatimberwolves 101 oklahomacitythunder 82 home
neworleanspelicans 99 denvernuggets 89 home
phoenixsuns 108 newyorkknicks 86 home
philadelphiaSSers 98 portlandtrailblazers 95 away
chicagobulls 107 torontoraptors 97 away
washingtonwizards 112 orlandomagic 111 home
milwaukeebucks 119 washingtonwizards 102 home
brooklynnets 100 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
orlandomagic 97 miamiheat 68 home
sacramentokings 119 goldenstatewarriors 96 home
utahjazz 96 portlandtrailblazers 86 home
chicagobulls 103 clevelandcavaliers 96 home
dallasmavericks 94 neworleanspelicans 80 home
charlottehornets 113 indianapacers 102 away
memphisgrizzlies 110 torontoraptors 104 home
dallasmavericks 89 denvernuggets 85 away
phoenixsuns 108 detroitpistons 101 away
houstonrockets 111 memphisgrizzlies 109 home
losangelesclippers 90 newyorkknicks 80 home
losangeleslakers 104 philadelphiaSSers 94 home
sanantoniospurs 95 atlantahawks 81 home
oklahomacitythunder 101 bostonceltics 95 home
minnesotatimberwolves 102 charlottehornets 96 away
bostonceltics 89 portlandtrailblazers 81 away
phoenixsuns 97 chicagobulls 96 away
clevelandcavaliers 82 sanantoniospurs 78 home
dallasmavericks 112 oklahomacitythunder 88 home
philadelphiaSSers 108 denvernuggets 97 away
goldenstatewarriors 97 neworleanspelicans 89 away
orlandomagic 91 losangelesclippers 86 home
sacramentokings 112 newyorkknicks 100 home
clevelandcavaliers 107 bostonceltics 104 away
houstonrockets 103 oklahomacitythunder 96 home
memphisgrizzlies 144 goldenstatewarriors 135 home
losangelesclippers 110 miamiheat 95 away
minnesotatimberwolves 103 sanantoniospurs 101 home
newyorkknicks 99 portlandtrailblazers 81 away
phoenixsuns 100 torontoraptors 98 away
utahjazz 98 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
washingtonwizards 108 milwaukeebucks 105 home
dallasmavericks 100 indianapacers 91 home
detroitpistons 92 neworleanspelicans 68 away
losangeleslakers 132 sacramentokings 128 away
houstonrockets 100 utahjazz 86 home
losangeleslakers 123 denvernuggets 104 home
bostonceltics 128 memphisgrizzlies 119 away
clevelandcavaliers 95 milwaukeebucks 86 away
minnesotatimberwolves 104 philadelphiaSSers 102 home
brooklynnets 91 chicagobulls 86 home
orlandomagic 106 charlottehornets 74 home
phoenixsuns 108 miamiheat 80 home
dallasmavericks 90 sanantoniospurs 85 away
newyorkknicks 111 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
torontoraptors 105 atlantahawks 92 home
washingtonwizards 116 losangelesclippers 105 home
atlantahawks 86 losangelesclippers 74 home
chicagobulls 106 detroitpistons 89 home
clevelandcavaliers 96 brooklynnets 91 home
utahjazz 96 denvernuggets 84 away
goldenstatewarriors 108 oklahomacitythunder 104 home
indianapacers 100 neworleanspelicans 93 away
portlandtrailblazers 110 sacramentokings 105 away
losangeleslakers 101 dallasmavericks 98 home
sanantoniospurs 110 memphisgrizzlies 96 away
minnesotatimberwolves 103 houstonrockets 99 home
orlandomagic 87 bostonceltics 79 home
phoenixsuns 128 goldenstatewarriors 105 home
miamiheat 93 portlandtrailblazers 90 away
torontoraptors 116 washingtonwizards 111 home
houstonrockets 84 chicagobulls 77 away
denvernuggets 104 milwaukeebucks 92 home
losangelesclippers 100 neworleanspelicans 90 away
indianapacers 91 atlantahawks 72 home
memphisgrizzlies 128 losangeleslakers 118 home
brooklynnets 101 torontoraptors 86 home
detroitpistons 98 philadelphiaSSers 89 away
phoenixsuns 113 oklahomacitythunder 102 home
clevelandcavaliers 108 sacramentokings 98 away
sanantoniospurs 98 portlandtrailblazers 84 home
dallasmavericks 108 utahjazz 105 away
neworleanspelicans 96 atlantahawks 77 away
indianapacers 97 bostonceltics 84 away
dallasmavericks 99 portlandtrailblazers 74 home
sanantoniospurs 92 denvernuggets 83 away
charlottehornets 103 detroitpistons 96 away
orlandomagic 91 goldenstatewarriors 76 away
houstonrockets 102 losangeleslakers 77 home
torontoraptors 90 milwaukeebucks 77 away
losangelesclippers 92 minnesotatimberwolves 91 away
newyorkknicks 106 philadelphiaSSers 99 home
miamiheat 107 oklahomacitythunder 103 away
washingtonwizards 113 chicagobulls 103 home
brooklynnets 86 chicagobulls 83 away
phoenixsuns 109 clevelandcavaliers 90 home
atlantahawks 99 detroitpistons 93 home
torontoraptors 95 bostonceltics 86 away
houstonrockets 90 denvernuggets 86 away
miamiheat 118 goldenstatewarriors 96 away
dallasmavericks 115 indianapacers 113 away
losangeleslakers 109 orlandomagic 106 home
minnesotatimberwolves 116 memphisgrizzlies 110 away
neworleanspelicans 104 washingtonwizards 97 home
charlottehornets 126 newyorkknicks 110 away
philadelphiaSSers 110 milwaukeebucks 97 home
portlandtrailblazers 95 sacramentokings 87 home
oklahomacitythunder 122 utahjazz 114 home
charlottehornets 89 philadelphiaSSers 83 home
chicagobulls 111 memphisgrizzlies 66 home
detroitpistons 81 bostonceltics 73 home
clevelandcavaliers 104 losangelesclippers 92 away
minnesotatimberwolves 109 brooklynnets 98 home
phoenixsuns 107 orlandomagic 101 home
houstonrockets 115 sacramentokings 111 away
sanantoniospurs 93 washingtonwizards 80 home
miamiheat 119 utahjazz 110 away
denvernuggets 109 portlandtrailblazers 93 away
dallasmavericks 97 torontoraptors 96 away
atlantahawks 100 bostonceltics 96 home
milwaukeebucks 99 charlottehornets 91 away
chicagobulls 99 sanantoniospurs 87 home
minnesotatimberwolves 94 detroitpistons 90 away
goldenstatewarriors 108 losangelesclippers 93 home
losangeleslakers 124 miamiheat 118 home
phoenixsuns 137 memphisgrizzlies 122 away
brooklynnets 105 indianapacers 95 home
newyorkknicks 102 sacramentokings 97 home
torontoraptors 104 philadelphiaSSers 86 away
washingtonwizards 114 utahjazz 111 home
dallasmavericks 109 houstonrockets 96 home
neworleanspelicans 84 orlandomagic 78 home
oklahomacitythunder 101 clevelandcavaliers 96 home
brooklynnets 92 charlottehornets 85 away
utahjazz 100 detroitpistons 99 away
phoenixsuns 100 houstonrockets 91 away
losangelesclippers 115 goldenstatewarriors 109 home
memphisgrizzlies 118 philadelphiaSSers 102 home
chicagobulls 99 milwaukeebucks 90 away
atlantahawks 105 minnesotatimberwolves 88 away
portlandtrailblazers 94 clevelandcavaliers 76 home
losangeleslakers 100 sanantoniospurs 96 away
torontoraptors 101 sacramentokings 85 home
washingtonwizards 99 newyorkknicks 98 home
dallasmavericks 114 losangeleslakers 95 home
miamiheat 104 indianapacers 101 home
charlottehornets 96 atlantahawks 75 away
sacramentokings 96 bostonceltics 91 away
denvernuggets 110 clevelandcavaliers 99 home
detroitpistons 104 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
brooklynnets 101 newyorkknicks 100 away
washingtonwizards 114 orlandomagic 93 away
philadelphiaSSers 98 miamiheat 95 home
phoenixsuns 106 portlandtrailblazers 101 home
sanantoniospurs 99 neworleanspelicans 86 home
oklahomacitythunder 99 milwaukeebucks 72 home
utahjazz 102 torontoraptors 94 away
charlottehornets 104 atlantahawks 85 home
utahjazz 95 chicagobulls 85 away
detroitpistons 91 sacramentokings 74 home
clevelandcavaliers 106 goldenstatewarriors 104 away
denvernuggets 121 houstonrockets 113 away
newyorkknicks 108 indianapacers 106 away
losangelesclippers 112 memphisgrizzlies 91 home
brooklynnets 101 orlandomagic 94 home
neworleanspelicans 113 losangeleslakers 103 home
washingtonwizards 115 bostonceltics 110 home
dallasmavericks 99 miamiheat 93 away
sanantoniospurs 99 philadelphiaSSers 85 away
phoenixsuns 131 minnesotatimberwolves 102 home
portlandtrailblazers 99 milwaukeebucks 95 home
sanantoniospurs 93 bostonceltics 89 away
orlandomagic 90 clevelandcavaliers 79 away
denvernuggets 115 memphisgrizzlies 98 home
indianapacers 98 chicagobulls 91 home
losangeleslakers 108 goldenstatewarriors 103 home
miamiheat 101 newyorkknicks 83 home
sacramentokings 88 brooklynnets 87 home
torontoraptors 105 charlottehornets 84 home
utahjazz 106 minnesotatimberwolves 91 home
chicagobulls 94 atlantahawks 86 home
losangelesclippers 115 milwaukeebucks 96 home
dallasmavericks 111 orlandomagic 95 away
philadelphiaSSers 102 neworleanspelicans 96 home
denvernuggets 117 oklahomacitythunder 112 away
phoenixsuns 127 washingtonwizards 105 away
atlantahawks 82 bostonceltics 76 away
detroitpistons 103 charlottehornets 92 away
philadelphiaSSers 118 clevelandcavaliers 115 away
goldenstatewarriors 110 brooklynnets 109 home
indianapacers 96 miamiheat 94 home
phoenixsuns 112 newyorkknicks 107 away
portlandtrailblazers 101 minnesotatimberwolves 98 home
sacramentokings 114 milwaukeebucks 106 home
houstonrockets 90 sanantoniospurs 85 away
torontoraptors 90 neworleanspelicans 88 home
memphisgrizzlies 132 utahjazz 130 away
chicagobulls 96 dallasmavericks 85 home
losangelesclippers 102 brooklynnets 101 home
washingtonwizards 99 detroitpistons 96 away
houstonrockets 99 portlandtrailblazers 69 home
charlottehornets 106 losangeleslakers 97 away
phoenixsuns 98 milwaukeebucks 90 away
neworleanspelicans 88 sacramentokings 84 home
newyorkknicks 116 miamiheat 96 home
atlantahawks 93 orlandomagic 90 away
clevelandcavaliers 105 philadelphiaSSers 97 away
sanantoniospurs 112 memphisgrizzlies 96 home
oklahomacitythunder 102 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
torontoraptors 96 bostonceltics 90 home
utahjazz 116 denvernuggets 111 home
philadelphiaSSers 104 atlantahawks 89 away
chicagobulls 100 miamiheat 97 home
dallasmavericks 106 sacramentokings 104 home
brooklynnets 112 denvernuggets 102 away
goldenstatewarriors 131 charlottehornets 105 home
indianapacers 102 torontoraptors 84 home
minnesotatimberwolves 101 losangelesclippers 87 away
portlandtrailblazers 135 memphisgrizzlies 132 away
neworleanspelicans 94 utahjazz 83 home
washingtonwizards 105 bostonceltics 91 away
phoenixsuns 115 clevelandcavaliers 100 away
detroitpistons 95 indianapacers 87 home
sanantoniospurs 96 losangeleslakers 94 away
milwaukeebucks 107 newyorkknicks 105 home
losangelesclippers 98 oklahomacitythunder 76 away
atlantahawks 93 orlandomagic 83 home
charlottehornets 105 denvernuggets 101 away
houstonrockets 105 philadelphiaSSers 84 home
memphisgrizzlies 124 sacramentokings 117 home
minnesotatimberwolves 121 phoenixsuns 112 home
neworleanspelicans 103 portlandtrailblazers 91 home
brooklynnets 116 utahjazz 115 away
clevelandcavaliers 124 goldenstatewarriors 97 home
dallasmavericks 122 oklahomacitythunder 102 home
indianapacers 103 bostonceltics 96 home
miamiheat 110 milwaukeebucks 80 home
newyorkknicks 99 losangeleslakers 94 home
washingtonwizards 104 detroitpistons 99 home
atlantahawks 115 goldenstatewarriors 94 home
losangeleslakers 111 bostonceltics 98 away
charlottehornets 104 newyorkknicks 87 home
houstonrockets 112 oklahomacitythunder 102 home
losangelesclippers 110 chicagobulls 98 home
dallasmavericks 95 memphisgrizzlies 94 away
sacramentokings 100 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
detroitpistons 113 brooklynnets 89 away
philadelphiaSSers 89 neworleanspelicans 78 away
orlandomagic 98 milwaukeebucks 73 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 denvernuggets 91 home
torontoraptors 119 washingtonwizards 109 home
utahjazz 97 sanantoniospurs 93 home
miamiheat 92 clevelandcavaliers 89 home
phoenixsuns 103 sanantoniospurs 87 home
torontoraptors 103 atlantahawks 91 away
losangelesclippers 100 bostonceltics 89 away
clevelandcavaliers 101 charlottehornets 81 home
denvernuggets 114 portlandtrailblazers 107 home
detroitpistons 96 milwaukeebucks 86 home
indianapacers 95 losangeleslakers 84 home
neworleanspelicans 90 minnesotatimberwolves 83 home
orlandomagic 119 brooklynnets 86 home
goldenstatewarriors 102 philadelphiaSSers 101 away
chicagobulls 107 oklahomacitythunder 101 away
miamiheat 117 milwaukeebucks 98 away
newyorkknicks 94 orlandomagic 86 away
utahjazz 108 phoenixsuns 105 away
chicagobulls 88 portlandtrailblazers 86 away
sacramentokings 94 denvernuggets 87 home
losangeleslakers 118 washingtonwizards 102 away
charlottehornets 98 goldenstatewarriors 90 home
dallasmavericks 94 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
neworleanspelicans 87 houstonrockets 74 away
indianapacers 116 memphisgrizzlies 110 away
detroitpistons 90 clevelandcavaliers 78 away
atlantahawks 101 brooklynnets 99 away
torontoraptors 122 losangelesclippers 110 home
losangeleslakers 90 atlantahawks 83 away
phoenixsuns 113 denvernuggets 108 away
houstonrockets 105 minnesotatimberwolves 77 home
goldenstatewarriors 113 indianapacers 98 away
miamiheat 113 charlottehornets 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 100 brooklynnets 98 home
sacramentokings 105 neworleanspelicans 99 home
utahjazz 100 chicagobulls 95 home
washingtonwizards 118 oklahomacitythunder 108 home
detroitpistons 109 bostonceltics 102 home
houstonrockets 98 memphisgrizzlies 90 away
milwaukeebucks 116 orlandomagic 111 home
newyorkknicks 102 losangelesclippers 90 home
phoenixsuns 109 portlandtrailblazers 102 away
brooklynnets 87 atlantahawks 85 away
miamiheat 91 bostonceltics 79 away
clevelandcavaliers 94 losangelesclippers 77 home
dallasmavericks 113 memphisgrizzlies 97 home
neworleanspelicans 114 denvernuggets 112 away
oklahomacitythunder 103 indianapacers 102 away
minnesotatimberwolves 121 goldenstatewarriors 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 92 charlottehornets 83 home
torontoraptors 113 orlandomagic 103 home
sanantoniospurs 110 washingtonwizards 83 away
detroitpistons 93 losangeleslakers 78 home
neworleanspelicans 109 milwaukeebucks 101 home
sacramentokings 86 chicagobulls 77 home
brooklynnets 92 bostonceltics 78 away
portlandtrailblazers 108 charlottehornets 100 away
clevelandcavaliers 103 miamiheat 79 home
dallasmavericks 95 houstonrockets 74 home
goldenstatewarriors 123 chicagobulls 121 home
denvernuggets 102 indianapacers 95 away
memphisgrizzlies 105 minnesotatimberwolves 97 home
orlandomagic 106 sanantoniospurs 104 home
losangelesclippers 90 philadelphiaSSers 89 away
atlantahawks 120 phoenixsuns 111 away
torontoraptors 96 losangeleslakers 92 home
detroitpistons 98 torontoraptors 92 home
houstonrockets 104 charlottehornets 83 home
denvernuggets 109 milwaukeebucks 102 away
brooklynnets 93 orlandomagic 78 home
neworleanspelicans 114 memphisgrizzlies 99 home
sacramentokings 114 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
utahjazz 104 newyorkknicks 102 home
clevelandcavaliers 99 losangeleslakers 90 home
atlantahawks 106 goldenstatewarriors 105 away
indianapacers 94 losangelesclippers 80 home
miamiheat 100 sanantoniospurs 85 home
minnesotatimberwolves 109 bostonceltics 107 home
dallasmavericks 106 philadelphiaSSers 89 away
chicagobulls 116 phoenixsuns 103 away
oklahomacitythunder 114 sacramentokings 103 away
portlandtrailblazers 94 washingtonwizards 73 away
denvernuggets 123 goldenstatewarriors 111 home
detroitpistons 92 losangelesclippers 74 home
utahjazz 102 atlantahawks 76 home
torontoraptors 112 chicagobulls 111 away
houstonrockets 109 sacramentokings 104 home
newyorkknicks 107 losangeleslakers 106 away
memphisgrizzlies 108 neworleanspelicans 104 home
miamiheat 104 portlandtrailblazers 85 home
dallasmavericks 99 milwaukeebucks 93 away
sanantoniospurs 107 brooklynnets 82 away
bostonceltics 117 milwaukeebucks 97 home
charlottehornets 100 chicagobulls 85 home
sanantoniospurs 90 detroitpistons 81 away
goldenstatewarriors 120 newyorkknicks 101 home
indianapacers 114 memphisgrizzlies 104 home
atlantahawks 96 losangelesclippers 93 away
minnesotatimberwolves 99 denvernuggets 94 home
neworleanspelicans 110 sacramentokings 93 home
orlandomagic 103 portlandtrailblazers 91 home
washingtonwizards 92 philadelphiaSSers 85 away
oklahomacitythunder 114 phoenixsuns 90 home
torontoraptors 120 brooklynnets 109 home
utahjazz 99 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
dallasmavericks 80 houstonrockets 77 away
clevelandcavaliers 114 losangeleslakers 108 away
charlottehornets 104 neworleanspelicans 100 home
chicagobulls 106 atlantahawks 81 home
phoenixsuns 115 losangelesclippers 90 away
detroitpistons 84 milwaukeebucks 83 away
newyorkknicks 100 orlandomagic 94 home
portlandtrailblazers 103 utahjazz 100 home
sacramentokings 104 bostonceltics 101 home
sanantoniospurs 95 denvernuggets 80 home
oklahomacitythunder 121 memphisgrizzlies 105 home
washingtonwizards 112 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
sanantoniospurs 103 atlantahawks 96 away
detroitpistons 110 orlandomagic 88 home
goldenstatewarriors 118 memphisgrizzlies 115 home
houstonrockets 112 miamiheat 102 home
indianapacers 136 milwaukeebucks 129 home
portlandtrailblazers 112 losangeleslakers 108 away
charlottehornets 100 minnesotatimberwolves 95 away
neworleanspelicans 111 brooklynnets 107 away
philadelphiaSSers 104 newyorkknicks 84 home
phoenixsuns 118 bostonceltics 108 home
clevelandcavaliers 86 torontoraptors 85 away
chicagobulls 84 clevelandcavaliers 78 away
dallasmavericks 112 miamiheat 100 home
washingtonwizards 109 sacramentokings 106 home
atlantahawks 105 houstonrockets 99 home
charlottehornets 102 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
chicagobulls 105 washingtonwizards 90 home
utahjazz 114 denvernuggets 104 away
losangeleslakers 122 bostonceltics 96 home
phoenixsuns 116 minnesotatimberwolves 104 away
brooklynnets 109 sacramentokings 96 home
neworleanspelicans 98 oklahomacitythunder 97 home
newyorkknicks 95 milwaukeebucks 93 home
detroitpistons 94 orlandomagic 89 away
memphisgrizzlies 103 portlandtrailblazers 102 away
torontoraptors 110 indianapacers 88 home
torontoraptors 93 charlottehornets 76 away
dallasmavericks 115 denvernuggets 95 home
losangelesclippers 103 goldenstatewarriors 90 home
milwaukeebucks 109 philadelphiaSSers 90 home
sanantoniospurs 102 oklahomacitythunder 71 home
utahjazz 105 bostonceltics 87 home
phoenixsuns 115 atlantahawks 106 away
detroitpistons 95 chicagobulls 93 home
losangeleslakers 102 goldenstatewarriors 85 away
sacramentokings 110 indianapacers 93 away
miamiheat 86 clevelandcavaliers 81 home
minnesotatimberwolves 98 washingtonwizards 94 home
brooklynnets 101 newyorkknicks 92 home
houstonrockets 97 orlandomagic 93 away
orlandomagic 94 chicagobulls 87 away
dallasmavericks 110 atlantahawks 87 home
bostonceltics 77 houstonrockets 72 away
losangelesclippers 100 charlottehornets 93 home
denvernuggets 111 memphisgrizzlies 107 away
newyorkknicks 99 miamiheat 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 89 sacramentokings 82 home
sanantoniospurs 107 torontoraptors 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 97 portlandtrailblazers 73 home
losangeleslakers 102 utahjazz 94 away
clevelandcavaliers 97 neworleanspelicans 89 home
phoenixsuns 103 indianapacers 92 away
milwaukeebucks 122 goldenstatewarriors 101 home
dallasmavericks 91 minnesotatimberwolves 65 away
brooklynnets 113 washingtonwizards 101 home
bostonceltics 102 newyorkknicks 94 home
chicagobulls 113 goldenstatewarriors 83 home
denvernuggets 111 orlandomagic 101 home
torontoraptors 106 houstonrockets 90 away
losangelesclippers 96 oklahomacitythunder 91 home
utahjazz 104 memphisgrizzlies 88 away
neworleanspelicans 107 atlantahawks 100 home
philadelphiaSSers 99 phoenixsuns 94 home
sacramentokings 135 charlottehornets 120 home
miamiheat 92 washingtonwizards 83 away
dallasmavericks 95 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
portlandtrailblazers 127 charlottehornets 90 home
oklahomacitythunder 77 losangelesclippers 75 home
chicagobulls 104 neworleanspelicans 93 home
houstonrockets 108 denvernuggets 97 away
sacramentokings 116 losangeleslakers 108 away
miamiheat 85 detroitpistons 82 home
utahjazz 109 minnesotatimberwolves 83 away
newyorkknicks 106 goldenstatewarriors 97 home
philadelphiaSSers 117 memphisgrizzlies 112 home
phoenixsuns 115 indianapacers 90 home
sanantoniospurs 98 orlandomagic 74 home
milwaukeebucks 94 torontoraptors 81 away
washingtonwizards 93 atlantahawks 92 home
newyorkknicks 104 atlantahawks 100 away
clevelandcavaliers 120 torontoraptors 97 home
dallasmavericks 103 orlandomagic 98 home
sanantoniospurs 97 houstonrockets 74 away
losangelesclippers 87 indianapacers 64 home
detroitpistons 92 memphisgrizzlies 89 away
bostonceltics 96 brooklynnets 88 away
sacramentokings 104 portlandtrailblazers 96 away
bostonceltics 124 minnesotatimberwolves 117 home
chicagobulls 126 milwaukeebucks 121 away
utahjazz 108 neworleanspelicans 94 away
philadelphiaSSers 99 brooklynnets 86 home
phoenixsuns 99 losangeleslakers 94 home
oklahomacitythunder 96 charlottehornets 89 home
washingtonwizards 107 goldenstatewarriors 106 home
clevelandcavaliers 91 houstonrockets 85 home
goldenstatewarriors 111 detroitpistons 93 away
sanantoniospurs 88 losangelesclippers 74 away
miamiheat 88 atlantahawks 81 home
orlandomagic 99 milwaukeebucks 81 home
utahjazz 120 charlottehornets 95 home
dallasmavericks 102 brooklynnets 89 home
denvernuggets 106 neworleanspelicans 91 home
minnesotatimberwolves 117 losangeleslakers 107 home
oklahomacitythunder 100 newyorkknicks 99 away
sanantoniospurs 99 portlandtrailblazers 94 away
sacramentokings 102 indianapacers 98 home
washingtonwizards 129 torontoraptors 109 home
atlantahawks 100 washingtonwizards 97 home
houstonrockets 111 bostonceltics 80 away
clevelandcavaliers 101 detroitpistons 97 away
goldenstatewarriors 110 denvernuggets 96 home
miamiheat 103 chicagobulls 70 home
milwaukeebucks 110 losangeleslakers 90 home
philadelphiaSSers 92 oklahomacitythunder 89 home
phoenixsuns 115 charlottehornets 106 home
torontoraptors 94 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
utahjazz 94 indianapacers 72 home
chicagobulls 100 orlandomagic 76 away
sanantoniospurs 100 sacramentokings 93 away
atlantahawks 106 memphisgrizzlies 105 home
bostonceltics 118 oklahomacitythunder 103 home
detroitpistons 95 denvernuggets 82 away
goldenstatewarriors 99 losangelesclippers 89 home
houstonrockets 112 brooklynnets 91 home
miamiheat 105 minnesotatimberwolves 91 home
philadelphiaSSers 108 losangeleslakers 92 home
phoenixsuns 104 neworleanspelicans 103 home
atlantahawks 99 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
memphisgrizzlies 115 charlottehornets 107 away
philadelphiaSSers 100 indianapacers 96 away
clevelandcavaliers 94 milwaukeebucks 92 away
sanantoniospurs 93 brooklynnets 77 home
utahjazz 96 neworleanspelicans 86 home
newyorkknicks 90 washingtonwizards 89 away
chicagobulls 94 bostonceltics 78 away
clevelandcavaliers 99 indianapacers 88 home
houstonrockets 103 orlandomagic 92 home
detroitpistons 98 losangelesclippers 80 away
dallasmavericks 108 losangeleslakers 72 away
miamiheat 106 washingtonwizards 104 home
portlandtrailblazers 106 goldenstatewarriors 87 home
denvernuggets 113 sacramentokings 101 away
torontoraptors 120 oklahomacitythunder 119 home
charlottehornets 119 orlandomagic 108 home
goldenstatewarriors 117 dallasmavericks 100 home
brooklynnets 113 memphisgrizzlies 102 away
torontoraptors 108 milwaukeebucks 93 away
phoenixsuns 103 houstonrockets 82 home
atlantahawks 104 philadelphiaSSers 92 home
chicagobulls 95 bostonceltics 87 home
clevelandcavaliers 124 sacramentokings 100 home
denvernuggets 107 portlandtrailblazers 99 home
miamiheat 88 utahjazz 86 home
minnesotatimberwolves 86 indianapacers 81 home
brooklynnets 112 neworleanspelicans 108 away
sanantoniospurs 93 losangelesclippers 84 home
detroitpistons 101 oklahomacitythunder 97 away
charlottehornets 111 sacramentokings 108 home
phoenixsuns 129 dallasmavericks 127 away
houstonrockets 109 losangelesclippers 105 home
washingtonwizards 112 indianapacers 96 away
clevelandcavaliers 118 memphisgrizzlies 96 away
orlandomagic 101 utahjazz 90 home
chicagobulls 88 philadelphiaSSers 87 away
detroitpistons 87 portlandtrailblazers 75 away
torontoraptors 104 newyorkknicks 94 home
bostonceltics 109 atlantahawks 88 home
denvernuggets 113 losangeleslakers 86 home
milwaukeebucks 101 sanantoniospurs 90 home
miamiheat 93 brooklynnets 86 away
losangelesclippers 102 charlottehornets 93 away
dallasmavericks 106 bostonceltics 101 home
goldenstatewarriors 106 minnesotatimberwolves 86 home
losangeleslakers 116 portlandtrailblazers 111 home
miamiheat 103 sacramentokings 97 home
neworleanspelicans 92 newyorkknicks 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 89 utahjazz 88 home
detroitpistons 105 phoenixsuns 83 away
houstonrockets 114 torontoraptors 100 away
clevelandcavaliers 82 utahjazz 73 home
denvernuggets 131 phoenixsuns 107 home
indianapacers 113 atlantahawks 90 home
memphisgrizzlies 104 chicagobulls 103 home
milwaukeebucks 97 charlottehornets 91 home
sacramentokings 95 orlandomagic 83 away
bostonceltics 91 sanantoniospurs 85 away
goldenstatewarriors 99 oklahomacitythunder 98 away
washingtonwizards 125 neworleanspelicans 103 home
dallasmavericks 92 detroitpistons 88 away
losangeleslakers 109 minnesotatimberwolves 102 home
orlandomagic 97 miamiheat 83 away
brooklynnets 101 losangelesclippers 95 home
newyorkknicks 92 torontoraptors 74 home
houstonrockets 124 philadelphiaSSers 74 away
oklahomacitythunder 95 portlandtrailblazers 77 away
atlantahawks 99 sacramentokings 76 home
neworleanspelicans 106 bostonceltics 88 home
charlottehornets 108 clevelandcavaliers 100 home
losangelesclippers 103 chicagobulls 89 away
detroitpistons 96 philadelphiaSSers 75 home
houstonrockets 86 indianapacers 76 home
neworleanspelicans 114 memphisgrizzlies 103 away
denvernuggets 94 brooklynnets 90 away
dallasmavericks 92 newyorkknicks 77 away
phoenixsuns 108 minnesotatimberwolves 90 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 washingtonwizards 98 home
utahjazz 104 goldenstatewarriors 100 home
miamiheat 91 atlantahawks 83 away
charlottehornets 92 bostonceltics 84 away
dallasmavericks 98 clevelandcavaliers 90 away
losangelesclippers 104 milwaukeebucks 103 away
minnesotatimberwolves 95 sacramentokings 89 away
sanantoniospurs 90 indianapacers 72 home
washingtonwizards 108 oklahomacitythunder 106 away
torontoraptors 92 orlandomagic 85 home
chicagobulls 109 denvernuggets 108 home
houstonrockets 91 detroitpistons 85 home
losangeleslakers 121 memphisgrizzlies 119 away
portlandtrailblazers 92 newyorkknicks 86 away
phoenixsuns 118 sacramentokings 100 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 atlantahawks 100 away
dallasmavericks 109 bostonceltics 95 away
clevelandcavaliers 90 newyorkknicks 68 home
goldenstatewarriors 135 washingtonwizards 128 home
indianapacers 95 miamiheat 70 home
losangelesclippers 104 utahjazz 72 home
losangeleslakers 111 neworleanspelicans 105 away
orlandomagic 90 brooklynnets 82 home
philadelphiaSSers 106 charlottehornets 97 home
sanantoniospurs 90 detroitpistons 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 85 minnesotatimberwolves 82 home
torontoraptors 121 denvernuggets 94 home
brooklynnets 113 charlottehornets 107 away
losangelesclippers 111 washingtonwizards 105 home
philadelphiaSSers 93 miamiheat 85 away
utahjazz 118 memphisgrizzlies 108 home
dallasmavericks 104 atlantahawks 97 away
denvernuggets 105 clevelandcavaliers 93 away
chicagobulls 92 indianapacers 90 away
losangeleslakers 115 goldenstatewarriors 113 home
detroitpistons 121 milwaukeebucks 95 away
minnesotatimberwolves 94 portlandtrailblazers 93 home
neworleanspelicans 106 houstonrockets 94 home
sacramentokings 107 phoenixsuns 100 home
sanantoniospurs 120 oklahomacitythunder 79 away
bostonceltics 95 torontoraptors 87 home
chicagobulls 100 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
detroitpistons 113 denvernuggets 109 home
sanantoniospurs 126 goldenstatewarriors 89 away
houstonrockets 106 milwaukeebucks 87 home
miamiheat 106 atlantahawks 89 home
orlandomagic 94 newyorkknicks 89 away
phoenixsuns 105 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
utahjazz 103 washingtonwizards 97 home
clevelandcavaliers 105 indianapacers 94 away
memphisgrizzlies 88 losangeleslakers 86 away
oklahomacitythunder 114 minnesotatimberwolves 106 away
dallasmavericks 105 neworleanspelicans 89 away
bostonceltics 105 orlandomagic 96 home
charlottehornets 101 atlantahawks 87 home
dallasmavericks 105 milwaukeebucks 103 home
oklahomacitythunder 100 denvernuggets 97 away
houstonrockets 92 losangelesclippers 87 away
brooklynnets 118 indianapacers 94 home
newyorkknicks 97 clevelandcavaliers 93 home
sanantoniospurs 92 neworleanspelicans 88 home
torontoraptors 96 miamiheat 83 home
utahjazz 108 minnesotatimberwolves 102 home
washingtonwizards 111 philadelphiaSSers 108 home
chicagobulls 83 detroitpistons 81 home
goldenstatewarriors 124 phoenixsuns 119 home
memphisgrizzlies 96 portlandtrailblazers 92 away
charlottehornets 97 milwaukeebucks 81 home
dallasmavericks 105 newyorkknicks 103 home
detroitpistons 110 brooklynnets 105 home
houstonrockets 107 losangeleslakers 104 away
miamiheat 92 minnesotatimberwolves 77 away
orlandomagic 95 indianapacers 87 home
philadelphiaSSers 88 bostonceltics 82 home
phoenixsuns 125 denvernuggets 108 home
losangelesclippers 105 sacramentokings 101 away
sanantoniospurs 102 utahjazz 93 home
oklahomacitythunder 120 memphisgrizzlies 93 home
torontoraptors 123 washingtonwizards 118 away
clevelandcavaliers 112 chicagobulls 108 away
brooklynnets 86 philadelphiaSSers 82 home
neworleanspelicans 103 newyorkknicks 94 home
losangelesclippers 99 portlandtrailblazers 86 away
chicagobulls 105 atlantahawks 97 away
bostonceltics 98 clevelandcavaliers 96 home
detroitpistons 94 miamiheat 88 home
goldenstatewarriors 122 memphisgrizzlies 117 home
utahjazz 86 houstonrockets 83 away
indianapacers 100 sanantoniospurs 99 home
losangeleslakers 126 sacramentokings 103 home
washingtonwizards 121 milwaukeebucks 107 away
minnesotatimberwolves 105 orlandomagic 104 away
phoenixsuns 126 dallasmavericks 104 home
denvernuggets 114 oklahomacitythunder 103 away
torontoraptors 107 charlottehornets 94 home
charlottehornets 122 washingtonwizards 102 home
detroitpistons 100 indianapacers 85 away
denvernuggets 111 losangeleslakers 105 away
phoenixsuns 116 memphisgrizzlies 111 away
miamiheat 92 torontoraptors 89 home
neworleanspelicans 119 milwaukeebucks 101 away
clevelandcavaliers 101 minnesotatimberwolves 88 away
dallasmavericks 97 sacramentokings 93 away
sanantoniospurs 110 oklahomacitythunder 91 home
denvernuggets 120 sacramentokings 115 home
chicagobulls 106 detroitpistons 88 away
goldenstatewarriors 110 houstonrockets 99 away
losangelesclippers 90 losangeleslakers 82 home
milwaukeebucks 98 bostonceltics 89 home
brooklynnets 101 atlantahawks 86 home
neworleanspelicans 101 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
philadelphiaSSers 92 newyorkknicks 90 away
torontoraptors 111 orlandomagic 108 away
portlandtrailblazers 94 utahjazz 89 home
charlottehornets 108 washingtonwizards 100 away
miamiheat 94 clevelandcavaliers 90 away
sanantoniospurs 92 phoenixsuns 85 home
atlantahawks 115 milwaukeebucks 102 home
miamiheat 88 bostonceltics 85 away
indianapacers 112 charlottehornets 102 away
chicagobulls 105 brooklynnets 74 home
denvernuggets 75 dallasmavericks 71 home
portlandtrailblazers 85 houstonrockets 78 away
goldenstatewarriors 116 memphisgrizzlies 104 away
phoenixsuns 103 neworleanspelicans 95 away
minnesotatimberwolves 99 newyorkknicks 94 away
torontoraptors 94 philadelphiaSSers 85 away
sacramentokings 107 utahjazz 103 home
losangeleslakers 112 oklahomacitythunder 109 away
clevelandcavaliers 99 washingtonwizards 94 away
dallasmavericks 86 portlandtrailblazers 74 home
indianapacers 105 bostonceltics 98 home
denvernuggets 96 losangelesclippers 93 away
newyorkknicks 118 milwaukeebucks 113 away
neworleanspelicans 96 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
brooklynnets 120 washingtonwizards 114 home
orlandomagic 116 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
sanantoniospurs 112 goldenstatewarriors 99 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 utahjazz 103 away
detroitpistons 87 clevelandcavaliers 82 home
phoenixsuns 115 losangeleslakers 107 away
charlottehornets 111 miamiheat 103 away
philadelphiaSSers 109 atlantahawks 104 home
houstonrockets 112 sacramentokings 106 away
torontoraptors 103 chicagobulls 89 home
dallasmavericks 96 losangelesclippers 86 home
denvernuggets 115 losangeleslakers 111 home
goldenstatewarriors 126 utahjazz 102 home
orlandomagic 117 milwaukeebucks 94 away
torontoraptors 111 minnesotatimberwolves 100 away
detroitpistons 91 newyorkknicks 83 away
sanantoniospurs 112 portlandtrailblazers 96 home
houstonrockets 95 oklahomacitythunder 90 away
atlantahawks 104 bostonceltics 96 home
charlottehornets 92 miamiheat 82 home
chicagobulls 98 newyorkknicks 69 home
sacramentokings 112 memphisgrizzlies 100 away
neworleanspelicans 103 losangelesclippers 100 home
philadelphiaSSers 90 indianapacers 86 home
brooklynnets 96 washingtonwizards 92 away
philadelphiaSSers 102 bostonceltics 94 away
detroitpistons 104 orlandomagic 99 home
miamiheat 85 washingtonwizards 82 home
indianapacers 104 milwaukeebucks 98 away
dallasmavericks 105 minnesotatimberwolves 88 away
phoenixsuns 109 oklahomacitythunder 91 home
houstonrockets 99 portlandtrailblazers 95 away
sanantoniospurs 109 sacramentokings 100 home
denvernuggets 115 utahjazz 106 away
clevelandcavaliers 94 brooklynnets 76 home
losangelesclippers 118 losangeleslakers 110 home
washingtonwizards 98 atlantahawks 85 away
milwaukeebucks 104 bostonceltics 102 away
chicagobulls 100 charlottehornets 81 home
utahjazz 104 dallasmavericks 89 away
losangelesclippers 107 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
miamiheat 100 indianapacers 96 home
sanantoniospurs 110 minnesotatimberwolves 91 away
brooklynnets 100 newyorkknicks 86 home
denvernuggets 107 neworleanspelicans 105 away
phoenixsuns 93 losangeleslakers 85 home
goldenstatewarriors 125 sacramentokings 108 away
torontoraptors 87 detroitpistons 84 home
clevelandcavaliers 110 atlantahawks 76 home
houstonrockets 123 neworleanspelicans 112 home
memphisgrizzlies 133 denvernuggets 118 home
charlottehornets 113 milwaukeebucks 92 away
orlandomagic 104 philadelphiaSSers 87 away
portlandtrailblazers 108 oklahomacitythunder 102 home
phoenixsuns 126 utahjazz 98 away
dallasmavericks 91 sanantoniospurs 86 home
philadelphiaSSers 102 detroitpistons 91 away
goldenstatewarriors 121 minnesotatimberwolves 108 home
brooklynnets 111 indianapacers 107 away
sacramentokings 105 losangelesclippers 100 away
losangeleslakers 109 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
orlandomagic 88 bostonceltics 86 home
torontoraptors 107 newyorkknicks 105 home
chicagobulls 101 washingtonwizards 68 away
denvernuggets 122 minnesotatimberwolves 107 home
houstonrockets 120 phoenixsuns 117 home
memphisgrizzlies 101 sanantoniospurs 91 home
bostonceltics 91 miamiheat 89 away
milwaukeebucks 102 atlantahawks 96 home
brooklynnets 104 newyorkknicks 95 away
neworleanspelicans 125 sacramentokings 118 away
utahjazz 130 portlandtrailblazers 93 home
goldenstatewarriors 111 dallasmavericks 82 home
clevelandcavaliers 98 philadelphiaSSers 92 away
losangelesclippers 103 phoenixsuns 99 away
orlandomagic 95 washingtonwizards 89 away
atlantahawks 118 indianapacers 102 home
detroitpistons 100 torontoraptors 84 home
detroitpistons 91 bostonceltics 89 away
newyorkknicks 94 charlottehornets 93 away
clevelandcavaliers 109 milwaukeebucks 96 home
washingtonwizards 98 indianapacers 95 away
neworleanspelicans 86 losangelesclippers 83 away
memphisgrizzlies 116 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
brooklynnets 106 chicagobulls 97 home
orlandomagic 94 miamiheat 68 home
goldenstatewarriors 120 portlandtrailblazers 98 away
losangeleslakers 117 sacramentokings 106 away
denvernuggets 100 sanantoniospurs 77 away
dallasmavericks 106 oklahomacitythunder 75 away
philadelphiaSSers 122 torontoraptors 119 away
utahjazz 101 houstonrockets 91 home
chicagobulls 96 miamiheat 91 home
detroitpistons 100 orlandomagic 92 home
houstonrockets 84 utahjazz 75 home
brooklynnets 96 torontoraptors 91 away
clevelandcavaliers 97 washingtonwizards 82 home
goldenstatewarriors 97 dallasmavericks 85 away
phoenixsuns 95 losangeleslakers 87 home
denvernuggets 95 sanantoniospurs 89 away
detroitpistons 98 orlandomagic 90 home
houstonrockets 98 utahjazz 90 home
chicagobulls 107 miamiheat 89 home
phoenixsuns 126 losangeleslakers 98 home
torontoraptors 89 brooklynnets 83 home
clevelandcavaliers 109 washingtonwizards 102 home
dallasmavericks 112 goldenstatewarriors 99 home
sanantoniospurs 97 denvernuggets 88 home
losangeleslakers 95 phoenixsuns 89 home
detroitpistons 93 orlandomagic 77 away
utahjazz 81 houstonrockets 67 home
goldenstatewarriors 109 dallasmavericks 91 home
chicagobulls 104 miamiheat 96 away
brooklynnets 102 torontoraptors 89 home
sanantoniospurs 96 denvernuggets 91 away
detroitpistons 97 orlandomagic 93 away
utahjazz 98 houstonrockets 85 home
clevelandcavaliers 98 washingtonwizards 92 away
goldenstatewarriors 103 dallasmavericks 99 home
phoenixsuns 113 losangeleslakers 100 away
chicagobulls 92 miamiheat 79 away
brooklynnets 102 torontoraptors 81 home
sanantoniospurs 96 denvernuggets 89 away
houstonrockets 96 utahjazz 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 washingtonwizards 90 away
dallasmavericks 118 goldenstatewarriors 112 home
torontoraptors 98 brooklynnets 96 home
phoenixsuns 119 losangeleslakers 110 home
sanantoniospurs 93 denvernuggets 78 home
goldenstatewarriors 111 dallasmavericks 86 home
utahjazz 94 houstonrockets 82 home
brooklynnets 98 torontoraptors 97 home
detroitpistons 95 chicagobulls 69 home
utahjazz 103 houstonrockets 99 away
clevelandcavaliers 81 brooklynnets 77 home
sanantoniospurs 111 phoenixsuns 106 away
detroitpistons 108 chicagobulls 87 home
utahjazz 116 goldenstatewarriors 112 home
clevelandcavaliers 102 brooklynnets 92 home
phoenixsuns 101 sanantoniospurs 81 home
utahjazz 127 goldenstatewarriors 117 home
detroitpistons 81 chicagobulls 74 away
goldenstatewarriors 125 utahjazz 105 home
brooklynnets 96 clevelandcavaliers 85 home
sanantoniospurs 108 phoenixsuns 101 home
chicagobulls 102 detroitpistons 87 home
utahjazz 115 goldenstatewarriors 101 away
clevelandcavaliers 87 brooklynnets 85 away
phoenixsuns 104 sanantoniospurs 98 away
chicagobulls 108 detroitpistons 92 away
utahjazz 100 goldenstatewarriors 87 home
brooklynnets 83 clevelandcavaliers 72 away
sanantoniospurs 88 phoenixsuns 85 away
detroitpistons 95 chicagobulls 85 away
clevelandcavaliers 88 brooklynnets 72 away
sanantoniospurs 114 phoenixsuns 106 home
sanantoniospurs 108 utahjazz 100 home
detroitpistons 79 clevelandcavaliers 76 home
sanantoniospurs 105 utahjazz 96 home
detroitpistons 79 clevelandcavaliers 76 home
utahjazz 109 sanantoniospurs 83 home
clevelandcavaliers 88 detroitpistons 82 home
sanantoniospurs 91 utahjazz 79 away
clevelandcavaliers 91 detroitpistons 87 home
sanantoniospurs 109 utahjazz 84 home
clevelandcavaliers 109 detroitpistons 107 away
clevelandcavaliers 98 detroitpistons 82 home
sanantoniospurs 85 clevelandcavaliers 76 home
sanantoniospurs 103 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
sanantoniospurs 75 clevelandcavaliers 72 away
sanantoniospurs 83 clevelandcavaliers 82 away
