utahjazz 117 goldenstatewarriors 96 away
houstonrockets 95 losangeleslakers 93 away
sanantoniospurs 106 portlandtrailblazers 97 home
dallasmavericks 92 clevelandcavaliers 74 away
denvernuggets 120 oklahomacitythunder 103 home
indianapacers 119 washingtonwizards 110 home
sanantoniospurs 104 memphisgrizzlies 101 away
brooklynnets 112 chicagobulls 103 home
neworleanspelicans 104 sacramentokings 90 home
orlandomagic 102 milwaukeebucks 83 home
torontoraptors 106 philadelphiaSSers 97 home
detroitpistons 91 miamiheat 80 away
phoenixsuns 106 oklahomacitythunder 99 away
houstonrockets 106 utahjazz 95 away
atlantahawks 101 dallasmavericks 94 home
bostonceltics 103 washingtonwizards 83 home
charlottehornets 102 milwaukeebucks 99 home
philadelphiaSSers 96 chicagobulls 85 away
clevelandcavaliers 110 newyorkknicks 106 home
indianapacers 87 miamiheat 85 home
losangelesclippers 120 goldenstatewarriors 114 home
denvernuggets 99 minnesotatimberwolves 91 away
torontoraptors 106 brooklynnets 69 away
neworleanspelicans 113 portlandtrailblazers 93 home
detroitpistons 116 orlandomagic 92 away
losangeleslakers 119 phoenixsuns 98 away
sanantoniospurs 96 sacramentokings 80 home
dallasmavericks 123 sacramentokings 102 home
houstonrockets 89 portlandtrailblazers 80 home
indianapacers 121 memphisgrizzlies 111 away
milwaukeebucks 78 chicagobulls 72 home
brooklynnets 93 philadelphiaSSers 88 away
utahjazz 133 goldenstatewarriors 110 home
orlandomagic 94 washingtonwizards 82 away
neworleanspelicans 93 denvernuggets 88 away
detroitpistons 92 atlantahawks 91 home
losangelesclippers 115 oklahomacitythunder 101 home
losangeleslakers 119 utahjazz 109 home
charlottehornets 90 miamiheat 88 away
newyorkknicks 97 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
phoenixsuns 103 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
bostonceltics 98 torontoraptors 95 away
dallasmavericks 107 houstonrockets 98 home
phoenixsuns 115 charlottehornets 83 away
losangelesclippers 97 chicagobulls 91 away
clevelandcavaliers 108 goldenstatewarriors 104 away
houstonrockets 89 sanantoniospurs 81 home
neworleanspelicans 118 losangeleslakers 104 away
milwaukeebucks 112 torontoraptors 85 home
orlandomagic 111 minnesotatimberwolves 103 away
brooklynnets 87 atlantahawks 82 home
newyorkknicks 119 denvernuggets 112 home
sacramentokings 104 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
atlantahawks 105 phoenixsuns 96 home
bostonceltics 119 denvernuggets 93 home
losangelesclippers 104 indianapacers 89 away
philadelphiaSSers 94 charlottehornets 63 home
portlandtrailblazers 93 neworleanspelicans 90 home
sanantoniospurs 88 miamiheat 78 home
memphisgrizzlies 105 oklahomacitythunder 98 away
orlandomagic 105 torontoraptors 96 away
utahjazz 103 clevelandcavaliers 101 home
chicagobulls 97 detroitpistons 93 home
dallasmavericks 120 goldenstatewarriors 115 away
brooklynnets 87 washingtonwizards 85 home
bostonceltics 106 atlantahawks 83 home
charlottehornets 96 indianapacers 87 home
detroitpistons 103 losangelesclippers 79 home
houstonrockets 104 milwaukeebucks 88 home
losangeleslakers 107 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
phoenixsuns 106 miamiheat 101 away
sanantoniospurs 97 neworleanspelicans 85 away
orlandomagic 112 newyorkknicks 102 away
torontoraptors 105 philadelphiaSSers 103 away
portlandtrailblazers 110 memphisgrizzlies 98 home
clevelandcavaliers 93 sacramentokings 91 away
utahjazz 103 oklahomacitythunder 101 away
denvernuggets 118 washingtonwizards 92 away
torontoraptors 101 chicagobulls 71 away
denvernuggets 113 indianapacers 106 away
bostonceltics 112 brooklynnets 101 away
phoenixsuns 106 orlandomagic 96 away
portlandtrailblazers 91 dallasmavericks 82 home
sacramentokings 100 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
utahjazz 118 memphisgrizzlies 94 home
washingtonwizards 101 atlantahawks 90 away
houstonrockets 85 charlottehornets 82 away
clevelandcavaliers 103 losangelesclippers 95 away
miamiheat 75 newyorkknicks 72 away
neworleanspelicans 93 philadelphiaSSers 72 away
sanantoniospurs 113 milwaukeebucks 88 home
detroitpistons 107 oklahomacitythunder 103 away
denvernuggets 122 clevelandcavaliers 100 home
neworleanspelicans 84 brooklynnets 82 away
utahjazz 117 sacramentokings 93 home
charlottehornets 91 miamiheat 76 home
dallasmavericks 99 philadelphiaSSers 84 home
bostonceltics 101 indianapacers 86 away
memphisgrizzlies 105 houstonrockets 99 home
orlandomagic 103 oklahomacitythunder 76 home
phoenixsuns 113 newyorkknicks 102 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 detroitpistons 94 home
sanantoniospurs 107 losangeleslakers 92 home
atlantahawks 117 charlottehornets 109 home
bostonceltics 91 brooklynnets 69 home
orlandomagic 117 clevelandcavaliers 116 away
denvernuggets 110 portlandtrailblazers 93 home
detroitpistons 111 goldenstatewarriors 104 away
losangeleslakers 93 houstonrockets 90 away
losangelesclippers 84 newyorkknicks 81 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 miamiheat 95 away
milwaukeebucks 102 memphisgrizzlies 99 home
minnesotatimberwolves 108 sacramentokings 103 home
neworleanspelicans 95 philadelphiaSSers 76 home
utahjazz 92 torontoraptors 88 away
washingtonwizards 103 indianapacers 90 home
dallasmavericks 105 sanantoniospurs 92 home
phoenixsuns 112 chicagobulls 102 home
oklahomacitythunder 126 atlantahawks 123 away
bostonceltics 92 miamiheat 91 home
clevelandcavaliers 99 utahjazz 94 home
goldenstatewarriors 122 losangelesclippers 105 home
losangeleslakers 103 detroitpistons 91 home
neworleanspelicans 120 memphisgrizzlies 118 away
washingtonwizards 105 minnesotatimberwolves 89 away
orlandomagic 95 brooklynnets 70 away
philadelphiaSSers 92 portlandtrailblazers 88 home
sacramentokings 123 newyorkknicks 118 home
sanantoniospurs 90 houstonrockets 84 home
torontoraptors 110 indianapacers 101 home
charlottehornets 100 oklahomacitythunder 84 home
dallasmavericks 108 memphisgrizzlies 105 home
denvernuggets 115 newyorkknicks 83 home
phoenixsuns 115 houstonrockets 105 away
indianapacers 117 utahjazz 97 home
chicagobulls 92 losangelesclippers 73 away
milwaukeebucks 105 atlantahawks 96 home
neworleanspelicans 100 minnesotatimberwolves 82 away
miamiheat 91 brooklynnets 87 away
washingtonwizards 109 portlandtrailblazers 90 home
losangeleslakers 106 chicagobulls 78 home
orlandomagic 104 bostonceltics 102 home
sacramentokings 105 detroitpistons 95 home
goldenstatewarriors 106 torontoraptors 100 away
charlottehornets 101 portlandtrailblazers 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 125 oklahomacitythunder 108 home
orlandomagic 95 neworleanspelicans 88 away
utahjazz 102 brooklynnets 75 home
sanantoniospurs 95 atlantahawks 83 away
milwaukeebucks 111 clevelandcavaliers 107 away
dallasmavericks 105 torontoraptors 99 home
denvernuggets 112 chicagobulls 91 home
losangeleslakers 134 indianapacers 114 away
goldenstatewarriors 108 newyorkknicks 82 away
phoenixsuns 100 sacramentokings 98 away
washingtonwizards 116 philadelphiaSSers 101 home
dallasmavericks 100 houstonrockets 94 away
losangelesclippers 101 denvernuggets 90 home
torontoraptors 95 memphisgrizzlies 89 away
atlantahawks 82 miamiheat 79 away
milwaukeebucks 110 losangeleslakers 103 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 minnesotatimberwolves 86 away
indianapacers 105 neworleanspelicans 93 away
phoenixsuns 127 sacramentokings 111 home
brooklynnets 106 portlandtrailblazers 101 away
sanantoniospurs 128 orlandomagic 110 home
bostonceltics 105 goldenstatewarriors 82 home
washingtonwizards 114 charlottehornets 111 away
detroitpistons 98 newyorkknicks 86 home
bostonceltics 107 losangeleslakers 94 home
denvernuggets 99 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
detroitpistons 83 philadelphiaSSers 78 home
indianapacers 111 dallasmavericks 107 home
miamiheat 98 houstonrockets 91 home
orlandomagic 105 charlottehornets 92 home
phoenixsuns 113 losangelesclippers 94 home
portlandtrailblazers 87 sacramentokings 84 home
sanantoniospurs 101 memphisgrizzlies 88 home
brooklynnets 98 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
utahjazz 99 neworleanspelicans 71 home
goldenstatewarriors 123 washingtonwizards 115 away
bostonceltics 96 charlottehornets 95 away
clevelandcavaliers 111 torontoraptors 108 home
houstonrockets 109 denvernuggets 81 home
neworleanspelicans 98 losangelesclippers 89 away
memphisgrizzlies 124 washingtonwizards 118 home
milwaukeebucks 97 dallasmavericks 95 home
atlantahawks 94 minnesotatimberwolves 87 away
newyorkknicks 85 chicagobulls 78 home
orlandomagic 120 miamiheat 99 home
goldenstatewarriors 100 philadelphiaSSers 98 away
utahjazz 103 detroitpistons 93 away
clevelandcavaliers 111 indianapacers 106 away
brooklynnets 102 losangeleslakers 100 away
sanantoniospurs 116 oklahomacitythunder 101 away
torontoraptors 93 chicagobulls 78 home
washingtonwizards 110 dallasmavericks 98 away
goldenstatewarriors 129 phoenixsuns 114 home
houstonrockets 88 losangelesclippers 71 away
minnesotatimberwolves 103 neworleanspelicans 94 away
newyorkknicks 113 utahjazz 109 home
orlandomagic 85 portlandtrailblazers 74 away
sacramentokings 112 sanantoniospurs 99 home
chicagobulls 90 atlantahawks 78 home
clevelandcavaliers 109 bostonceltics 104 home
indianapacers 112 denvernuggets 110 away
losangeleslakers 106 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
miamiheat 110 charlottehornets 90 home
philadelphiaSSers 114 milwaukeebucks 99 away
memphisgrizzlies 110 brooklynnets 103 away
atlantahawks 96 milwaukeebucks 80 home
dallasmavericks 109 minnesotatimberwolves 103 home
detroitpistons 109 clevelandcavaliers 74 home
utahjazz 106 philadelphiaSSers 95 away
houstonrockets 100 phoenixsuns 94 away
indianapacers 95 portlandtrailblazers 89 away
goldenstatewarriors 103 sacramentokings 96 away
sanantoniospurs 109 washingtonwizards 94 home
orlandomagic 110 oklahomacitythunder 94 away
torontoraptors 103 memphisgrizzlies 91 home
bostonceltics 104 newyorkknicks 59 home
goldenstatewarriors 113 houstonrockets 94 home
losangeleslakers 127 denvernuggets 99 home
neworleanspelicans 92 atlantahawks 86 away
dallasmavericks 91 portlandtrailblazers 80 home
denvernuggets 123 losangelesclippers 107 home
bostonceltics 95 miamiheat 85 away
sanantoniospurs 106 minnesotatimberwolves 91 away
newyorkknicks 91 milwaukeebucks 88 home
philadelphiaSSers 85 washingtonwizards 84 home
phoenixsuns 110 orlandomagic 106 home
oklahomacitythunder 95 indianapacers 93 home
torontoraptors 91 clevelandcavaliers 82 home
utahjazz 120 losangeleslakers 96 home
chicagobulls 111 charlottehornets 95 home
memphisgrizzlies 109 minnesotatimberwolves 80 home
detroitpistons 117 milwaukeebucks 91 away
brooklynnets 94 philadelphiaSSers 92 home
neworleanspelicans 112 dallasmavericks 108 home
sacramentokings 107 houstonrockets 99 home
washingtonwizards 101 torontoraptors 97 home
bostonceltics 80 clevelandcavaliers 70 home
denvernuggets 115 miamiheat 89 home
detroitpistons 118 brooklynnets 95 home
indianapacers 101 losangelesclippers 95 away
orlandomagic 104 losangeleslakers 97 away
phoenixsuns 115 newyorkknicks 104 away
sanantoniospurs 100 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
goldenstatewarriors 109 oklahomacitythunder 96 away
dallasmavericks 103 chicagobulls 98 away
orlandomagic 123 goldenstatewarriors 117 away
portlandtrailblazers 106 memphisgrizzlies 105 away
atlantahawks 88 philadelphiaSSers 79 away
torontoraptors 98 charlottehornets 79 home
utahjazz 110 miamiheat 101 home
detroitpistons 106 atlantahawks 95 away
brooklynnets 100 clevelandcavaliers 79 away
phoenixsuns 121 indianapacers 117 away
milwaukeebucks 87 losangelesclippers 78 away
losangeleslakers 116 minnesotatimberwolves 95 away
sacramentokings 117 utahjazz 107 home
chicagobulls 91 charlottehornets 82 away
losangeleslakers 111 denvernuggets 107 away
goldenstatewarriors 120 milwaukeebucks 90 home
houstonrockets 105 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
newyorkknicks 100 brooklynnets 93 away
detroitpistons 91 neworleanspelicans 76 away
bostonceltics 113 philadelphiaSSers 103 away
sanantoniospurs 97 dallasmavericks 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 95 losangelesclippers 88 home
phoenixsuns 136 torontoraptors 123 away
washingtonwizards 105 clevelandcavaliers 86 home
atlantahawks 90 minnesotatimberwolves 89 home
denvernuggets 122 dallasmavericks 109 away
portlandtrailblazers 112 miamiheat 106 home
bostonceltics 112 torontoraptors 84 home
chicagobulls 98 detroitpistons 91 away
goldenstatewarriors 120 miamiheat 113 home
houstonrockets 96 brooklynnets 89 away
neworleanspelicans 118 memphisgrizzlies 116 home
indianapacers 115 orlandomagic 109 away
philadelphiaSSers 101 newyorkknicks 90 home
losangelesclippers 97 sacramentokings 87 away
sanantoniospurs 104 utahjazz 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 milwaukeebucks 98 home
phoenixsuns 122 washingtonwizards 107 away
atlantahawks 86 memphisgrizzlies 78 home
charlottehornets 96 clevelandcavaliers 93 home
bostonceltics 92 chicagobulls 81 away
dallasmavericks 125 utahjazz 117 home
denvernuggets 101 sacramentokings 97 home
minnesotatimberwolves 100 phoenixsuns 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 105 newyorkknicks 77 away
detroitpistons 104 charlottehornets 85 home
miamiheat 100 losangelesclippers 94 away
losangeleslakers 123 goldenstatewarriors 113 home
neworleanspelicans 91 oklahomacitythunder 88 home
portlandtrailblazers 117 milwaukeebucks 113 home
torontoraptors 93 houstonrockets 80 home
washingtonwizards 104 brooklynnets 89 home
dallasmavericks 99 newyorkknicks 89 away
atlantahawks 98 orlandomagic 87 away
philadelphiaSSers 100 houstonrockets 88 home
miamiheat 117 phoenixsuns 113 away
sacramentokings 96 milwaukeebucks 93 home
torontoraptors 100 atlantahawks 88 away
chicagobulls 123 oklahomacitythunder 96 home
clevelandcavaliers 118 indianapacers 105 home
goldenstatewarriors 96 sanantoniospurs 84 home
detroitpistons 113 memphisgrizzlies 103 away
losangelesclippers 91 brooklynnets 82 away
portlandtrailblazers 97 utahjazz 89 away
washingtonwizards 102 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
bostonceltics 90 sacramentokings 78 home
charlottehornets 108 losangelesclippers 103 home
denvernuggets 105 neworleanspelicans 99 home
houstonrockets 80 detroitpistons 77 home
indianapacers 117 chicagobulls 102 home
milwaukeebucks 100 orlandomagic 86 home
oklahomacitythunder 117 newyorkknicks 110 away
philadelphiaSSers 98 minnesotatimberwolves 94 home
phoenixsuns 103 utahjazz 98 home
portlandtrailblazers 105 goldenstatewarriors 95 home
torontoraptors 92 dallasmavericks 76 home
losangeleslakers 102 sanantoniospurs 97 home
washingtonwizards 104 miamiheat 91 away
bostonceltics 104 milwaukeebucks 82 home
orlandomagic 103 charlottehornets 87 away
chicagobulls 101 newyorkknicks 96 home
dallasmavericks 89 neworleanspelicans 80 home
detroitpistons 91 atlantahawks 81 home
goldenstatewarriors 108 losangeleslakers 106 home
torontoraptors 104 indianapacers 93 away
losangelesclippers 98 memphisgrizzlies 91 away
oklahomacitythunder 99 minnesotatimberwolves 88 away
brooklynnets 105 clevelandcavaliers 97 home
sacramentokings 109 philadelphiaSSers 99 away
portlandtrailblazers 99 utahjazz 91 home
atlantahawks 93 charlottehornets 84 home
philadelphiaSSers 92 clevelandcavaliers 86 away
dallasmavericks 96 houstonrockets 83 away
indianapacers 106 miamiheat 103 away
milwaukeebucks 95 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
neworleanspelicans 101 phoenixsuns 98 home
newyorkknicks 94 brooklynnets 86 home
memphisgrizzlies 123 orlandomagic 119 away
sanantoniospurs 102 denvernuggets 91 home
utahjazz 96 oklahomacitythunder 75 home
washingtonwizards 92 sacramentokings 79 home
portlandtrailblazers 116 denvernuggets 105 away
detroitpistons 109 goldenstatewarriors 87 home
losangeleslakers 113 losangelesclippers 92 home
bostonceltics 90 torontoraptors 77 away
atlantahawks 116 utahjazz 111 home
clevelandcavaliers 104 milwaukeebucks 99 home
dallasmavericks 111 orlandomagic 108 home
goldenstatewarriors 125 memphisgrizzlies 117 away
miamiheat 91 minnesotatimberwolves 87 home
indianapacers 119 newyorkknicks 92 away
portlandtrailblazers 88 neworleanspelicans 76 home
phoenixsuns 100 sanantoniospurs 95 away
losangeleslakers 103 chicagobulls 91 away
torontoraptors 80 losangelesclippers 77 away
sacramentokings 106 brooklynnets 101 away
atlantahawks 114 miamiheat 111 home
detroitpistons 87 bostonceltics 85 away
charlottehornets 98 utahjazz 92 home
dallasmavericks 108 phoenixsuns 105 home
orlandomagic 97 houstonrockets 92 away
indianapacers 102 philadelphiaSSers 85 home
memphisgrizzlies 88 sanantoniospurs 85 home
sacramentokings 102 milwaukeebucks 89 away
goldenstatewarriors 111 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
newyorkknicks 108 clevelandcavaliers 90 home
portlandtrailblazers 101 torontoraptors 96 home
neworleanspelicans 107 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
chicagobulls 95 washingtonwizards 84 away
clevelandcavaliers 94 losangeleslakers 90 home
denvernuggets 112 houstonrockets 111 home
brooklynnets 107 miamiheat 103 away
bostonceltics 107 chicagobulls 82 home
charlottehornets 105 newyorkknicks 95 home
dallasmavericks 102 losangelesclippers 89 home
detroitpistons 94 memphisgrizzlies 67 home
minnesotatimberwolves 131 indianapacers 118 home
utahjazz 113 orlandomagic 94 away
losangeleslakers 106 philadelphiaSSers 101 away
portlandtrailblazers 99 denvernuggets 96 home
oklahomacitythunder 123 torontoraptors 115 home
atlantahawks 97 washingtonwizards 92 away
houstonrockets 116 chicagobulls 98 away
indianapacers 93 washingtonwizards 85 home
philadelphiaSSers 99 memphisgrizzlies 97 away
miamiheat 104 utahjazz 102 home
milwaukeebucks 103 charlottehornets 99 home
brooklynnets 100 goldenstatewarriors 95 home
neworleanspelicans 110 minnesotatimberwolves 76 home
phoenixsuns 122 torontoraptors 103 home
sanantoniospurs 99 losangelesclippers 90 home
bostonceltics 103 orlandomagic 91 home
goldenstatewarriors 105 clevelandcavaliers 96 away
detroitpistons 94 houstonrockets 82 home
losangeleslakers 95 newyorkknicks 90 away
denvernuggets 106 sacramentokings 105 away
clevelandcavaliers 96 miamiheat 82 home
losangeleslakers 122 phoenixsuns 115 home
portlandtrailblazers 89 oklahomacitythunder 79 home
bostonceltics 89 sacramentokings 69 away
sanantoniospurs 94 chicagobulls 79 home
utahjazz 99 dallasmavericks 90 home
atlantahawks 107 indianapacers 95 home
washingtonwizards 108 charlottehornets 104 away
denvernuggets 125 milwaukeebucks 105 home
goldenstatewarriors 105 minnesotatimberwolves 101 home
neworleanspelicans 116 memphisgrizzlies 98 away
detroitpistons 101 brooklynnets 83 away
orlandomagic 110 newyorkknicks 96 home
philadelphiaSSers 96 miamiheat 85 home
clevelandcavaliers 88 dallasmavericks 81 away
phoenixsuns 108 losangelesclippers 88 away
bostonceltics 104 oklahomacitythunder 96 away
neworleanspelicans 99 charlottehornets 85 away
chicagobulls 103 milwaukeebucks 99 home
detroitpistons 114 indianapacers 101 home
denvernuggets 124 goldenstatewarriors 120 away
losangeleslakers 123 utahjazz 109 home
houstonrockets 103 memphisgrizzlies 83 away
orlandomagic 121 miamiheat 114 away
brooklynnets 109 washingtonwizards 106 home
phoenixsuns 94 losangelesclippers 88 home
portlandtrailblazers 109 minnesotatimberwolves 98 home
philadelphiaSSers 92 sacramentokings 80 away
torontoraptors 83 sanantoniospurs 73 away
dallasmavericks 97 atlantahawks 84 home
houstonrockets 91 torontoraptors 79 home
detroitpistons 98 indianapacers 92 away
brooklynnets 97 milwaukeebucks 95 away
neworleanspelicans 86 clevelandcavaliers 76 home
orlandomagic 104 charlottehornets 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 minnesotatimberwolves 90 home
bostonceltics 104 utahjazz 98 away
washingtonwizards 96 miamiheat 74 home
goldenstatewarriors 105 denvernuggets 95 away
bostonceltics 110 losangeleslakers 91 away
chicagobulls 100 newyorkknicks 83 away
portlandtrailblazers 97 philadelphiaSSers 72 home
phoenixsuns 117 sacramentokings 102 away
sanantoniospurs 111 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
charlottehornets 107 indianapacers 103 home
orlandomagic 112 chicagobulls 110 away
detroitpistons 114 milwaukeebucks 69 home
goldenstatewarriors 112 houstonrockets 95 away
losangelesclippers 91 minnesotatimberwolves 82 home
torontoraptors 97 neworleanspelicans 92 away
philadelphiaSSers 98 oklahomacitythunder 90 away
utahjazz 111 portlandtrailblazers 101 home
bostonceltics 97 houstonrockets 93 home
chicagobulls 109 charlottehornets 97 away
clevelandcavaliers 98 atlantahawks 94 home
dallasmavericks 121 goldenstatewarriors 99 home
memphisgrizzlies 90 indianapacers 72 away
neworleanspelicans 95 losangelesclippers 81 away
milwaukeebucks 103 miamiheat 98 away
portlandtrailblazers 90 minnesotatimberwolves 79 away
sacramentokings 107 newyorkknicks 97 away
brooklynnets 96 orlandomagic 95 away
utahjazz 110 philadelphiaSSers 107 home
detroitpistons 106 washingtonwizards 93 away
portlandtrailblazers 115 chicagobulls 109 away
denvernuggets 80 sanantoniospurs 77 home
phoenixsuns 104 oklahomacitythunder 96 home
bostonceltics 100 memphisgrizzlies 96 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 sacramentokings 93 home
dallasmavericks 94 miamiheat 89 home
neworleanspelicans 116 goldenstatewarriors 104 away
indianapacers 113 atlantahawks 91 home
losangeleslakers 124 philadelphiaSSers 93 home
washingtonwizards 101 milwaukeebucks 77 away
denvernuggets 118 minnesotatimberwolves 107 away
brooklynnets 102 charlottehornets 96 home
houstonrockets 96 orlandomagic 94 away
sanantoniospurs 97 newyorkknicks 93 home
detroitpistons 101 torontoraptors 85 away
brooklynnets 113 atlantahawks 107 away
chicagobulls 94 sacramentokings 93 home
bostonceltics 92 detroitpistons 85 away
houstonrockets 103 newyorkknicks 91 home
neworleanspelicans 118 phoenixsuns 113 away
portlandtrailblazers 103 utahjazz 89 home
milwaukeebucks 93 charlottehornets 89 away
denvernuggets 109 philadelphiaSSers 96 home
sanantoniospurs 88 losangelesclippers 82 away
losangeleslakers 112 indianapacers 96 home
memphisgrizzlies 101 miamiheat 94 home
dallasmavericks 101 minnesotatimberwolves 78 away
clevelandcavaliers 93 torontoraptors 90 away
washingtonwizards 108 oklahomacitythunder 86 home
goldenstatewarriors 130 sanantoniospurs 121 home
phoenixsuns 137 denvernuggets 115 home
charlottehornets 115 brooklynnets 99 home
newyorkknicks 105 chicagobulls 100 away
clevelandcavaliers 95 oklahomacitythunder 79 home
losangeleslakers 117 memphisgrizzlies 101 away
minnesotatimberwolves 101 miamiheat 91 home
milwaukeebucks 87 philadelphiaSSers 83 away
sacramentokings 104 orlandomagic 100 home
utahjazz 111 indianapacers 89 home
houstonrockets 92 washingtonwizards 84 away
atlantahawks 90 clevelandcavaliers 81 home
charlottehornets 95 bostonceltics 83 away
dallasmavericks 102 detroitpistons 86 home
orlandomagic 113 losangelesclippers 106 away
milwaukeebucks 98 miamiheat 92 home
brooklynnets 99 oklahomacitythunder 88 home
losangeleslakers 109 neworleanspelicans 80 away
houstonrockets 101 newyorkknicks 92 away
phoenixsuns 129 indianapacers 122 home
portlandtrailblazers 109 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
torontoraptors 109 philadelphiaSSers 96 home
sacramentokings 116 memphisgrizzlies 113 home
detroitpistons 90 sanantoniospurs 80 away
utahjazz 108 phoenixsuns 86 home
washingtonwizards 102 atlantahawks 98 away
clevelandcavaliers 113 charlottehornets 106 home
denvernuggets 113 orlandomagic 103 home
goldenstatewarriors 116 memphisgrizzlies 104 home
houstonrockets 113 minnesotatimberwolves 82 home
losangeleslakers 110 milwaukeebucks 105 home
bostonceltics 86 brooklynnets 77 away
neworleanspelicans 114 miamiheat 88 home
torontoraptors 99 newyorkknicks 90 away
chicagobulls 100 philadelphiaSSers 97 away
dallasmavericks 90 oklahomacitythunder 70 away
detroitpistons 103 charlottehornets 100 away
dallasmavericks 95 losangelesclippers 94 away
phoenixsuns 122 milwaukeebucks 114 home
indianapacers 111 sacramentokings 105 away
sanantoniospurs 105 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
utahjazz 119 orlandomagic 115 home
washingtonwizards 85 bostonceltics 78 home
atlantahawks 105 chicagobulls 84 home
goldenstatewarriors 106 indianapacers 101 home
neworleanspelicans 87 houstonrockets 82 away
losangeleslakers 100 memphisgrizzlies 99 home
newyorkknicks 89 detroitpistons 65 home
torontoraptors 116 portlandtrailblazers 109 home
washingtonwizards 88 bostonceltics 83 away
charlottehornets 119 denvernuggets 116 home
portlandtrailblazers 99 brooklynnets 73 away
sacramentokings 122 dallasmavericks 120 home
sanantoniospurs 89 philadelphiaSSers 82 home
losangeleslakers 123 oklahomacitythunder 121 away
utahjazz 98 milwaukeebucks 87 home
atlantahawks 104 denvernuggets 93 home
detroitpistons 103 torontoraptors 89 home
philadelphiaSSers 111 houstonrockets 107 away
losangelesclippers 97 phoenixsuns 90 home
clevelandcavaliers 132 memphisgrizzlies 124 away
goldenstatewarriors 105 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
newyorkknicks 105 washingtonwizards 93 home
orlandomagic 102 chicagobulls 88 home
bostonceltics 100 portlandtrailblazers 90 home
charlottehornets 99 orlandomagic 93 home
indianapacers 125 goldenstatewarriors 117 home
chicagobulls 126 miamiheat 96 away
milwaukeebucks 87 atlantahawks 80 home
newyorkknicks 111 brooklynnets 105 away
neworleanspelicans 123 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
torontoraptors 116 sacramentokings 91 home
denvernuggets 120 utahjazz 109 home
phoenixsuns 106 losangeleslakers 98 away
clevelandcavaliers 90 sanantoniospurs 88 away
bostonceltics 116 philadelphiaSSers 89 home
goldenstatewarriors 119 chicagobulls 111 away
sacramentokings 100 detroitpistons 93 away
memphisgrizzlies 124 oklahomacitythunder 100 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 miamiheat 91 away
neworleanspelicans 112 charlottehornets 84 home
phoenixsuns 115 minnesotatimberwolves 95 home
torontoraptors 89 atlantahawks 78 home
utahjazz 106 losangelesclippers 88 home
washingtonwizards 111 newyorkknicks 98 home
charlottehornets 105 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
chicagobulls 97 detroitpistons 81 home
dallasmavericks 111 oklahomacitythunder 96 home
denvernuggets 111 minnesotatimberwolves 108 home
houstonrockets 83 sanantoniospurs 81 home
sacramentokings 110 indianapacers 104 away
losangelesclippers 120 brooklynnets 107 home
newyorkknicks 88 miamiheat 84 away
goldenstatewarriors 119 milwaukeebucks 99 away
orlandomagic 101 portlandtrailblazers 94 home
philadelphiaSSers 99 torontoraptors 95 home
phoenixsuns 116 brooklynnets 92 home
portlandtrailblazers 111 atlantahawks 109 away
sanantoniospurs 95 charlottehornets 86 away
minnesotatimberwolves 109 goldenstatewarriors 108 away
houstonrockets 96 oklahomacitythunder 89 home
utahjazz 109 losangelesclippers 93 away
losangeleslakers 116 denvernuggets 99 home
memphisgrizzlies 104 chicagobulls 90 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 miamiheat 90 away
neworleanspelicans 106 milwaukeebucks 92 home
bostonceltics 109 newyorkknicks 93 away
orlandomagic 102 detroitpistons 100 home
indianapacers 110 philadelphiaSSers 103 away
washingtonwizards 102 dallasmavericks 84 home
phoenixsuns 114 milwaukeebucks 105 away
sacramentokings 128 brooklynnets 94 home
torontoraptors 114 bostonceltics 112 away
dallasmavericks 102 charlottehornets 95 away
chicagobulls 108 indianapacers 95 home
clevelandcavaliers 121 washingtonwizards 85 home
denvernuggets 107 atlantahawks 100 home
losangelesclippers 111 sacramentokings 85 home
orlandomagic 112 memphisgrizzlies 85 away
minnesotatimberwolves 117 phoenixsuns 107 home
neworleanspelicans 96 portlandtrailblazers 81 home
detroitpistons 86 philadelphiaSSers 78 away
sanantoniospurs 103 losangeleslakers 91 home
houstonrockets 109 oklahomacitythunder 107 away
goldenstatewarriors 121 brooklynnets 119 home
sanantoniospurs 90 miamiheat 89 away
milwaukeebucks 104 indianapacers 92 home
bostonceltics 87 minnesotatimberwolves 86 home
charlottehornets 90 chicagobulls 77 away
phoenixsuns 110 clevelandcavaliers 108 away
dallasmavericks 112 losangeleslakers 105 home
denvernuggets 100 brooklynnets 85 home
detroitpistons 101 orlandomagic 93 home
neworleanspelicans 111 losangelesclippers 92 home
newyorkknicks 89 philadelphiaSSers 81 home
houstonrockets 89 portlandtrailblazers 79 away
atlantahawks 99 oklahomacitythunder 90 away
torontoraptors 106 milwaukeebucks 75 home
utahjazz 127 sacramentokings 113 home
washingtonwizards 104 memphisgrizzlies 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 103 charlottehornets 96 away
memphisgrizzlies 125 losangelesclippers 120 home
miamiheat 98 indianapacers 96 home
neworleanspelicans 102 sanantoniospurs 78 away
phoenixsuns 88 chicagobulls 77 away
dallasmavericks 90 denvernuggets 85 home
goldenstatewarriors 106 newyorkknicks 104 home
utahjazz 97 houstonrockets 89 away
clevelandcavaliers 98 losangeleslakers 95 away
milwaukeebucks 105 washingtonwizards 102 home
minnesotatimberwolves 98 brooklynnets 95 home
orlandomagic 96 bostonceltics 93 home
portlandtrailblazers 94 atlantahawks 93 home
sacramentokings 103 oklahomacitythunder 101 away
charlottehornets 107 losangelesclippers 100 away
dallasmavericks 103 memphisgrizzlies 84 away
neworleanspelicans 117 denvernuggets 93 home
utahjazz 97 sanantoniospurs 91 home
chicagobulls 96 minnesotatimberwolves 85 home
houstonrockets 111 goldenstatewarriors 107 home
detroitpistons 110 indianapacers 104 away
losangeleslakers 120 newyorkknicks 109 home
bostonceltics 117 miamiheat 87 away
brooklynnets 87 milwaukeebucks 80 home
phoenixsuns 125 atlantahawks 92 home
oklahomacitythunder 88 sanantoniospurs 85 home
washingtonwizards 108 torontoraptors 104 home
sacramentokings 105 charlottehornets 91 home
torontoraptors 122 washingtonwizards 83 home
utahjazz 100 newyorkknicks 89 home
losangelesclippers 95 atlantahawks 88 home
denvernuggets 106 memphisgrizzlies 102 away
minnesotatimberwolves 83 chicagobulls 67 home
goldenstatewarriors 116 neworleanspelicans 103 away
orlandomagic 107 miamiheat 91 home
philadelphiaSSers 112 milwaukeebucks 69 home
clevelandcavaliers 84 portlandtrailblazers 83 away
bostonceltics 96 dallasmavericks 90 home
detroitpistons 90 losangeleslakers 89 home
sanantoniospurs 84 phoenixsuns 81 away
oklahomacitythunder 101 clevelandcavaliers 95 home
goldenstatewarriors 127 charlottehornets 96 home
houstonrockets 106 indianapacers 103 away
brooklynnets 94 miamiheat 85 away
minnesotatimberwolves 104 losangelesclippers 83 home
orlandomagic 108 philadelphiaSSers 106 away
portlandtrailblazers 94 newyorkknicks 88 home
sacramentokings 112 neworleanspelicans 103 home
losangeleslakers 121 torontoraptors 101 away
utahjazz 96 washingtonwizards 87 away
atlantahawks 104 brooklynnets 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 98 losangelesclippers 84 home
denvernuggets 117 charlottehornets 101 home
orlandomagic 121 indianapacers 115 away
utahjazz 110 memphisgrizzlies 91 away
houstonrockets 91 milwaukeebucks 83 away
sacramentokings 105 chicagobulls 101 home
oklahomacitythunder 86 newyorkknicks 85 home
detroitpistons 90 dallasmavericks 67 home
losangeleslakers 103 washingtonwizards 91 away
atlantahawks 96 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
torontoraptors 114 miamiheat 82 away
houstonrockets 92 minnesotatimberwolves 86 away
losangelesclippers 103 newyorkknicks 94 away
dallasmavericks 107 orlandomagic 98 away
phoenixsuns 118 charlottehornets 104 home
denvernuggets 105 portlandtrailblazers 103 away
chicagobulls 118 oklahomacitythunder 108 away
utahjazz 110 neworleanspelicans 88 home
clevelandcavaliers 114 bostonceltics 113 home
sanantoniospurs 116 indianapacers 89 away
milwaukeebucks 102 memphisgrizzlies 97 away
losangeleslakers 105 brooklynnets 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 101 washingtonwizards 96 home
atlantahawks 98 losangeleslakers 95 home
bostonceltics 111 losangelesclippers 100 home
dallasmavericks 107 milwaukeebucks 96 home
utahjazz 118 denvernuggets 115 away
detroitpistons 100 miamiheat 95 home
indianapacers 103 newyorkknicks 100 away
orlandomagic 100 brooklynnets 84 home
neworleanspelicans 132 phoenixsuns 130 away
portlandtrailblazers 100 chicagobulls 97 home
oklahomacitythunder 105 sacramentokings 92 away
sanantoniospurs 85 washingtonwizards 77 away
chicagobulls 114 goldenstatewarriors 108 away
houstonrockets 92 clevelandcavaliers 77 home
philadelphiaSSers 101 miamiheat 84 home
clevelandcavaliers 100 atlantahawks 95 away
brooklynnets 104 charlottehornets 90 away
dallasmavericks 92 memphisgrizzlies 81 home
denvernuggets 111 washingtonwizards 100 home
detroitpistons 91 portlandtrailblazers 82 home
bostonceltics 88 minnesotatimberwolves 86 away
sanantoniospurs 99 newyorkknicks 93 away
losangeleslakers 117 orlandomagic 113 away
phoenixsuns 103 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
sacramentokings 117 utahjazz 104 home
losangelesclippers 102 torontoraptors 98 away
goldenstatewarriors 105 sacramentokings 102 home
houstonrockets 108 atlantahawks 89 home
indianapacers 101 portlandtrailblazers 93 home
newyorkknicks 99 milwaukeebucks 98 away
neworleanspelicans 112 memphisgrizzlies 99 home
philadelphiaSSers 101 losangelesclippers 80 home
utahjazz 97 chicagobulls 87 home
bostonceltics 98 sanantoniospurs 90 home
denvernuggets 113 clevelandcavaliers 83 away
detroitpistons 113 charlottehornets 87 home
losangeleslakers 104 miamiheat 94 away
torontoraptors 105 minnesotatimberwolves 82 away
brooklynnets 101 dallasmavericks 82 home
phoenixsuns 108 washingtonwizards 107 home
losangeleslakers 106 charlottehornets 97 away
goldenstatewarriors 120 washingtonwizards 117 home
houstonrockets 95 portlandtrailblazers 83 home
losangelesclippers 96 milwaukeebucks 89 away
clevelandcavaliers 118 orlandomagic 111 away
philadelphiaSSers 84 dallasmavericks 76 home
sanantoniospurs 93 torontoraptors 88 away
detroitpistons 94 atlantahawks 90 away
neworleanspelicans 100 chicagobulls 86 away
bostonceltics 104 indianapacers 97 away
memphisgrizzlies 107 sacramentokings 94 home
denvernuggets 114 miamiheat 113 away
brooklynnets 92 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
bostonceltics 111 newyorkknicks 103 home
charlottehornets 100 atlantahawks 98 home
sanantoniospurs 112 clevelandcavaliers 105 away
dallasmavericks 96 portlandtrailblazers 76 home
detroitpistons 96 indianapacers 80 home
goldenstatewarriors 120 phoenixsuns 118 home
houstonrockets 89 sacramentokings 87 home
washingtonwizards 91 losangelesclippers 89 away
neworleanspelicans 111 milwaukeebucks 107 away
losangeleslakers 117 minnesotatimberwolves 92 away
orlandomagic 109 denvernuggets 98 home
philadelphiaSSers 102 memphisgrizzlies 88 home
utahjazz 112 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
torontoraptors 109 brooklynnets 91 home
chicagobulls 99 miamiheat 92 home
phoenixsuns 109 dallasmavericks 97 home
houstonrockets 93 clevelandcavaliers 85 away
denvernuggets 124 bostonceltics 118 home
orlandomagic 103 detroitpistons 85 away
losangeleslakers 122 atlantahawks 93 home
minnesotatimberwolves 104 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
sacramentokings 105 portlandtrailblazers 94 away
sanantoniospurs 85 charlottehornets 65 home
oklahomacitythunder 108 memphisgrizzlies 101 home
utahjazz 119 goldenstatewarriors 109 home
newyorkknicks 113 washingtonwizards 100 away
goldenstatewarriors 119 bostonceltics 117 home
clevelandcavaliers 106 indianapacers 97 away
losangelesclippers 100 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
milwaukeebucks 103 detroitpistons 98 home
brooklynnets 110 chicagobulls 102 home
neworleanspelicans 104 dallasmavericks 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 124 newyorkknicks 84 home
losangeleslakers 130 phoenixsuns 124 away
sacramentokings 119 atlantahawks 107 home
torontoraptors 127 orlandomagic 110 home
houstonrockets 112 miamiheat 100 home
sanantoniospurs 100 minnesotatimberwolves 99 away
portlandtrailblazers 92 oklahomacitythunder 88 home
sacramentokings 116 charlottehornets 115 away
chicagobulls 135 denvernuggets 121 home
clevelandcavaliers 90 washingtonwizards 89 home
detroitpistons 127 milwaukeebucks 100 home
atlantahawks 117 goldenstatewarriors 110 away
indianapacers 113 brooklynnets 103 home
losangelesclippers 114 utahjazz 104 home
dallasmavericks 98 memphisgrizzlies 83 away
houstonrockets 100 neworleanspelicans 80 away
newyorkknicks 103 torontoraptors 99 home
orlandomagic 115 philadelphiaSSers 99 home
phoenixsuns 85 bostonceltics 77 home
oklahomacitythunder 99 portlandtrailblazers 87 home
losangeleslakers 113 losangelesclippers 95 home
philadelphiaSSers 101 miamiheat 96 away
milwaukeebucks 115 denvernuggets 109 home
brooklynnets 102 indianapacers 91 home
sanantoniospurs 98 neworleanspelicans 89 home
utahjazz 100 atlantahawks 94 home
washingtonwizards 110 charlottehornets 95 home
clevelandcavaliers 109 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
houstonrockets 110 chicagobulls 97 home
dallasmavericks 99 minnesotatimberwolves 83 away
orlandomagic 112 sacramentokings 93 home
detroitpistons 116 phoenixsuns 86 away
bostonceltics 112 portlandtrailblazers 102 away
losangeleslakers 111 oklahomacitythunder 91 away
torontoraptors 115 newyorkknicks 92 home
dallasmavericks 102 chicagobulls 94 home
detroitpistons 98 denvernuggets 93 away
torontoraptors 102 indianapacers 98 away
bostonceltics 104 losangelesclippers 76 away
washingtonwizards 95 neworleanspelicans 92 away
sanantoniospurs 89 atlantahawks 74 home
goldenstatewarriors 105 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
houstonrockets 94 washingtonwizards 69 home
losangeleslakers 96 portlandtrailblazers 83 home
phoenixsuns 127 memphisgrizzlies 113 away
miamiheat 107 sacramentokings 86 home
milwaukeebucks 105 clevelandcavaliers 102 home
minnesotatimberwolves 111 utahjazz 100 home
orlandomagic 102 brooklynnets 92 away
atlantahawks 123 sacramentokings 117 home
bostonceltics 92 clevelandcavaliers 87 home
chicagobulls 113 indianapacers 107 away
portlandtrailblazers 82 losangelesclippers 80 away
neworleanspelicans 120 phoenixsuns 103 home
newyorkknicks 113 charlottehornets 89 home
philadelphiaSSers 101 orlandomagic 89 home
denvernuggets 138 oklahomacitythunder 96 away
torontoraptors 107 minnesotatimberwolves 85 home
utahjazz 103 detroitpistons 95 home
losangeleslakers 106 miamiheat 88 home
brooklynnets 120 milwaukeebucks 106 home
sanantoniospurs 97 dallasmavericks 94 home
atlantahawks 99 newyorkknicks 93 home
bostonceltics 108 charlottehornets 100 home
washingtonwizards 97 chicagobulls 91 away
clevelandcavaliers 92 minnesotatimberwolves 84 home
dallasmavericks 115 sacramentokings 106 home
denvernuggets 110 losangelesclippers 104 home
goldenstatewarriors 119 philadelphiaSSers 97 home
houstonrockets 116 memphisgrizzlies 95 home
neworleanspelicans 110 utahjazz 98 home
portlandtrailblazers 119 losangeleslakers 111 home
miamiheat 103 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
indianapacers 122 torontoraptors 111 away
detroitpistons 103 losangelesclippers 73 away
utahjazz 113 memphisgrizzlies 92 away
sanantoniospurs 96 milwaukeebucks 94 away
orlandomagic 118 newyorkknicks 92 home
philadelphiaSSers 119 phoenixsuns 114 away
bostonceltics 98 atlantahawks 88 home
charlottehornets 110 torontoraptors 98 home
clevelandcavaliers 95 chicagobulls 86 home
goldenstatewarriors 110 portlandtrailblazers 104 home
houstonrockets 103 denvernuggets 89 home
indianapacers 128 milwaukeebucks 106 home
losangeleslakers 108 dallasmavericks 104 home
oklahomacitythunder 111 minnesotatimberwolves 108 away
sanantoniospurs 93 brooklynnets 83 away
sacramentokings 120 miamiheat 109 home
washingtonwizards 101 neworleanspelicans 84 home
philadelphiaSSers 106 losangelesclippers 80 away
neworleanspelicans 100 newyorkknicks 88 away
utahjazz 116 dallasmavericks 110 home
goldenstatewarriors 135 atlantahawks 118 away
chicagobulls 112 memphisgrizzlies 97 home
detroitpistons 100 oklahomacitythunder 97 home
charlottehornets 109 minnesotatimberwolves 89 away
orlandomagic 102 torontoraptors 87 home
phoenixsuns 97 portlandtrailblazers 92 away
losangeleslakers 117 sacramentokings 105 away
sanantoniospurs 81 brooklynnets 70 home
bostonceltics 90 detroitpistons 78 home
charlottehornets 118 goldenstatewarriors 109 home
denvernuggets 126 phoenixsuns 113 home
houstonrockets 117 indianapacers 99 home
losangelesclippers 116 sacramentokings 109 home
memphisgrizzlies 100 brooklynnets 93 home
torontoraptors 108 miamiheat 83 away
milwaukeebucks 118 oklahomacitythunder 106 home
neworleanspelicans 116 atlantahawks 101 home
clevelandcavaliers 119 newyorkknicks 105 away
utahjazz 105 minnesotatimberwolves 76 home
orlandomagic 122 washingtonwizards 92 away
chicagobulls 107 clevelandcavaliers 96 home
houstonrockets 113 dallasmavericks 98 away
sanantoniospurs 108 indianapacers 97 home
bostonceltics 116 chicagobulls 93 home
charlottehornets 108 atlantahawks 93 home
denvernuggets 109 sanantoniospurs 96 home
losangeleslakers 119 losangelesclippers 82 home
goldenstatewarriors 134 miamiheat 99 away
portlandtrailblazers 103 milwaukeebucks 101 away
neworleanspelicans 107 brooklynnets 96 home
detroitpistons 101 newyorkknicks 97 away
philadelphiaSSers 117 oklahomacitythunder 83 home
utahjazz 126 phoenixsuns 118 away
minnesotatimberwolves 111 sacramentokings 103 away
washingtonwizards 110 torontoraptors 106 away
minnesotatimberwolves 99 losangelesclippers 96 away
bostonceltics 119 memphisgrizzlies 89 away
portlandtrailblazers 120 newyorkknicks 114 away
goldenstatewarriors 104 orlandomagic 95 away
utahjazz 132 denvernuggets 105 home
charlottehornets 100 washingtonwizards 97 away
atlantahawks 97 miamiheat 94 home
clevelandcavaliers 103 indianapacers 95 home
dallasmavericks 111 brooklynnets 91 home
houstonrockets 106 neworleanspelicans 96 home
detroitpistons 116 chicagobulls 109 home
sacramentokings 114 losangeleslakers 113 away
philadelphiaSSers 119 milwaukeebucks 97 away
phoenixsuns 94 sanantoniospurs 87 home
torontoraptors 114 oklahomacitythunder 106 home
clevelandcavaliers 88 portlandtrailblazers 80 home
dallasmavericks 108 newyorkknicks 79 home
houstonrockets 91 brooklynnets 73 home
losangelesclippers 99 miamiheat 98 away
orlandomagic 123 atlantahawks 112 home
bostonceltics 100 philadelphiaSSers 86 away
sanantoniospurs 107 denvernuggets 103 home
chicagobulls 108 utahjazz 96 home
indianapacers 114 oklahomacitythunder 107 home
losangeleslakers 117 torontoraptors 108 home
portlandtrailblazers 103 minnesotatimberwolves 96 away
phoenixsuns 132 memphisgrizzlies 111 home
washingtonwizards 105 milwaukeebucks 97 home
houstonrockets 83 atlantahawks 75 away
bostonceltics 111 oklahomacitythunder 82 home
dallasmavericks 118 charlottehornets 93 home
denvernuggets 108 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
philadelphiaSSers 83 detroitpistons 82 away
goldenstatewarriors 117 torontoraptors 106 home
newyorkknicks 91 miamiheat 88 away
utahjazz 114 milwaukeebucks 110 away
brooklynnets 104 clevelandcavaliers 99 home
neworleanspelicans 100 sanantoniospurs 75 home
orlandomagic 110 losangelesclippers 88 home
phoenixsuns 123 goldenstatewarriors 115 home
sacramentokings 96 portlandtrailblazers 85 home
washingtonwizards 101 clevelandcavaliers 99 home
atlantahawks 117 losangelesclippers 93 home
utahjazz 110 bostonceltics 92 away
philadelphiaSSers 110 chicagobulls 106 away
dallasmavericks 116 indianapacers 97 home
denvernuggets 137 torontoraptors 105 home
detroitpistons 84 sanantoniospurs 80 home
houstonrockets 89 charlottehornets 80 home
orlandomagic 103 miamiheat 94 away
neworleanspelicans 108 losangeleslakers 98 home
minnesotatimberwolves 121 oklahomacitythunder 116 away
goldenstatewarriors 110 memphisgrizzlies 107 home
bostonceltics 99 milwaukeebucks 77 away
brooklynnets 117 utahjazz 115 home
orlandomagic 122 indianapacers 111 home
philadelphiaSSers 103 sanantoniospurs 96 home
phoenixsuns 127 sacramentokings 99 home
portlandtrailblazers 107 minnesotatimberwolves 96 home
washingtonwizards 119 losangelesclippers 109 home
clevelandcavaliers 98 charlottehornets 91 home
denvernuggets 168 oklahomacitythunder 116 home
detroitpistons 105 neworleanspelicans 84 home
houstonrockets 104 losangeleslakers 92 home
dallasmavericks 98 miamiheat 73 away
atlantahawks 109 newyorkknicks 98 away
sacramentokings 106 torontoraptors 100 home
indianapacers 110 newyorkknicks 98 home
memphisgrizzlies 98 charlottehornets 80 home
minnesotatimberwolves 99 losangelesclippers 90 home
neworleanspelicans 108 chicagobulls 97 home
orlandomagic 104 clevelandcavaliers 90 home
bostonceltics 93 sanantoniospurs 91 away
utahjazz 96 torontoraptors 79 home
atlantahawks 105 washingtonwizards 96 away
chicagobulls 112 brooklynnets 96 home
losangeleslakers 102 dallasmavericks 100 away
detroitpistons 136 denvernuggets 120 home
bostonceltics 94 houstonrockets 74 away
miamiheat 112 milwaukeebucks 106 away
phoenixsuns 111 portlandtrailblazers 98 away
sacramentokings 122 goldenstatewarriors 105 home
clevelandcavaliers 89 detroitpistons 73 home
indianapacers 102 charlottehornets 95 home
goldenstatewarriors 116 losangelesclippers 100 away
minnesotatimberwolves 98 memphisgrizzlies 94 home
brooklynnets 125 atlantahawks 117 home
neworleanspelicans 90 houstonrockets 69 home
washingtonwizards 87 orlandomagic 86 away
philadelphiaSSers 115 denvernuggets 113 home
phoenixsuns 110 oklahomacitythunder 98 away
torontoraptors 96 miamiheat 54 home
sanantoniospurs 102 chicagobulls 80 away
bostonceltics 94 dallasmavericks 90 away
losangeleslakers 106 utahjazz 95 away
clevelandcavaliers 90 torontoraptors 83 home
houstonrockets 109 goldenstatewarriors 106 away
indianapacers 124 minnesotatimberwolves 113 home
losangeleslakers 130 oklahomacitythunder 105 home
washingtonwizards 103 miamiheat 86 away
denvernuggets 125 brooklynnets 114 away
memphisgrizzlies 120 newyorkknicks 106 away
orlandomagic 113 philadelphiaSSers 95 home
portlandtrailblazers 107 losangelesclippers 102 home
sanantoniospurs 102 sacramentokings 89 home
atlantahawks 98 orlandomagic 90 home
charlottehornets 94 miamiheat 82 home
indianapacers 108 chicagobulls 101 away
portlandtrailblazers 83 losangelesclippers 72 away
memphisgrizzlies 117 sacramentokings 111 home
milwaukeebucks 108 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
minnesotatimberwolves 114 newyorkknicks 93 home
neworleanspelicans 113 bostonceltics 106 home
philadelphiaSSers 91 brooklynnets 87 home
phoenixsuns 122 houstonrockets 113 home
utahjazz 115 oklahomacitythunder 101 home
sanantoniospurs 88 dallasmavericks 81 away
goldenstatewarriors 115 losangeleslakers 111 away
denvernuggets 109 torontoraptors 100 away
washingtonwizards 95 detroitpistons 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 95 bostonceltics 90 away
detroitpistons 110 phoenixsuns 105 home
losangeleslakers 123 goldenstatewarriors 119 away
houstonrockets 108 sacramentokings 100 home
denvernuggets 120 memphisgrizzlies 106 away
miamiheat 78 milwaukeebucks 73 home
brooklynnets 106 newyorkknicks 91 away
oklahomacitythunder 97 portlandtrailblazers 84 home
chicagobulls 103 atlantahawks 94 home
dallasmavericks 103 losangelesclippers 90 home
neworleanspelicans 114 indianapacers 106 away
sanantoniospurs 107 orlandomagic 97 away
portlandtrailblazers 102 washingtonwizards 82 home
utahjazz 128 charlottehornets 106 home
atlantahawks 115 milwaukeebucks 96 home
bostonceltics 117 phoenixsuns 97 home
neworleanspelicans 100 clevelandcavaliers 99 away
houstonrockets 97 minnesotatimberwolves 86 home
charlottehornets 108 losangeleslakers 95 away
brooklynnets 124 indianapacers 117 home
newyorkknicks 103 miamiheat 96 home
philadelphiaSSers 121 chicagobulls 99 home
sacramentokings 107 memphisgrizzlies 106 home
sanantoniospurs 97 losangelesclippers 88 home
washingtonwizards 104 oklahomacitythunder 99 away
torontoraptors 89 detroitpistons 82 home
denvernuggets 118 dallasmavericks 105 home
detroitpistons 85 miamiheat 69 home
goldenstatewarriors 111 portlandtrailblazers 95 home
atlantahawks 106 chicagobulls 103 home
bostonceltics 112 neworleanspelicans 92 home
indianapacers 123 brooklynnets 115 home
memphisgrizzlies 114 losangeleslakers 111 away
orlandomagic 103 milwaukeebucks 86 away
phoenixsuns 107 philadelphiaSSers 93 away
washingtonwizards 114 sacramentokings 108 away
sanantoniospurs 99 minnesotatimberwolves 84 home
charlottehornets 96 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
torontoraptors 103 newyorkknicks 95 home
utahjazz 121 losangelesclippers 101 home
chicagobulls 114 milwaukeebucks 111 home
denvernuggets 119 goldenstatewarriors 112 home
detroitpistons 85 clevelandcavaliers 71 home
losangelesclippers 110 memphisgrizzlies 97 home
phoenixsuns 110 brooklynnets 104 away
charlottehornets 93 portlandtrailblazers 85 away
atlantahawks 114 newyorkknicks 109 home
bostonceltics 88 miamiheat 62 home
clevelandcavaliers 91 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
goldenstatewarriors 114 dallasmavericks 104 home
losangeleslakers 126 washingtonwizards 120 home
minnesotatimberwolves 110 utahjazz 103 home
sanantoniospurs 109 houstonrockets 88 home
sacramentokings 120 oklahomacitythunder 107 away
neworleanspelicans 118 torontoraptors 111 away
torontoraptors 104 charlottehornets 100 away
indianapacers 105 miamiheat 85 home
dallasmavericks 93 losangelesclippers 86 away
atlantahawks 116 memphisgrizzlies 99 away
phoenixsuns 132 denvernuggets 117 home
utahjazz 129 washingtonwizards 87 home
bostonceltics 106 chicagobulls 92 away
denvernuggets 126 phoenixsuns 120 home
milwaukeebucks 119 newyorkknicks 115 home
detroitpistons 94 minnesotatimberwolves 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 108 brooklynnets 99 away
neworleanspelicans 98 orlandomagic 97 away
sacramentokings 99 houstonrockets 98 home
sanantoniospurs 116 goldenstatewarriors 92 home
atlantahawks 127 torontoraptors 120 home
bostonceltics 92 indianapacers 77 home
clevelandcavaliers 118 charlottehornets 114 away
dallasmavericks 111 goldenstatewarriors 86 home
losangeleslakers 104 portlandtrailblazers 91 home
memphisgrizzlies 130 newyorkknicks 114 home
neworleanspelicans 106 miamiheat 77 away
losangelesclippers 102 oklahomacitythunder 84 away
utahjazz 117 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
milwaukeebucks 110 washingtonwizards 109 away
chicagobulls 101 clevelandcavaliers 98 away
houstonrockets 95 portlandtrailblazers 86 away
sacramentokings 110 losangelesclippers 98 home
philadelphiaSSers 109 atlantahawks 104 away
detroitpistons 106 brooklynnets 87 home
losangeleslakers 112 dallasmavericks 108 home
goldenstatewarriors 117 memphisgrizzlies 86 away
indianapacers 105 milwaukeebucks 101 away
neworleanspelicans 118 newyorkknicks 110 home
phoenixsuns 117 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
houstonrockets 79 oklahomacitythunder 66 away
charlottehornets 105 torontoraptors 100 away
utahjazz 90 sanantoniospurs 64 home
washingtonwizards 109 miamiheat 95 home
bostonceltics 101 charlottehornets 78 away
washingtonwizards 99 chicagobulls 87 away
orlandomagic 101 clevelandcavaliers 86 away
sacramentokings 118 denvernuggets 115 away
brooklynnets 99 torontoraptors 90 home
atlantahawks 92 philadelphiaSSers 85 away
indianapacers 105 milwaukeebucks 97 home
houstonrockets 105 losangelesclippers 79 away
detroitpistons 91 miamiheat 75 away
memphisgrizzlies 113 minnesotatimberwolves 101 away
neworleanspelicans 108 goldenstatewarriors 96 home
newyorkknicks 100 orlandomagic 90 home
dallasmavericks 105 phoenixsuns 98 away
sanantoniospurs 72 portlandtrailblazers 65 away
losangeleslakers 114 sacramentokings 92 away
oklahomacitythunder 151 denvernuggets 147 home
charlottehornets 121 minnesotatimberwolves 119 home
dallasmavericks 99 oklahomacitythunder 83 home
newyorkknicks 98 detroitpistons 94 away
goldenstatewarriors 140 sacramentokings 132 home
indianapacers 112 atlantahawks 98 home
denvernuggets 117 losangelesclippers 99 away
phoenixsuns 127 memphisgrizzlies 113 away
miamiheat 95 chicagobulls 88 home
bostonceltics 107 milwaukeebucks 104 away
utahjazz 77 neworleanspelicans 66 away
portlandtrailblazers 112 losangeleslakers 103 home
clevelandcavaliers 104 brooklynnets 83 home
houstonrockets 103 oklahomacitythunder 80 home
neworleanspelicans 122 minnesotatimberwolves 90 away
newyorkknicks 109 charlottehornets 107 home
orlandomagic 115 chicagobulls 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 101 detroitpistons 94 home
phoenixsuns 96 sanantoniospurs 79 away
torontoraptors 111 milwaukeebucks 93 home
washingtonwizards 109 bostonceltics 95 home
dallasmavericks 97 utahjazz 94 home
denvernuggets 114 goldenstatewarriors 105 away
losangeleslakers 106 losangelesclippers 78 home
indianapacers 85 philadelphiaSSers 76 away
sacramentokings 103 portlandtrailblazers 86 home
sanantoniospurs 95 oklahomacitythunder 74 home
torontoraptors 113 brooklynnets 85 home
bostonceltics 102 milwaukeebucks 86 home
chicagobulls 100 clevelandcavaliers 95 home
detroitpistons 102 washingtonwizards 74 home
houstonrockets 101 phoenixsuns 90 home
losangeleslakers 107 neworleanspelicans 104 home
memphisgrizzlies 96 miamiheat 91 away
atlantahawks 116 newyorkknicks 104 away
minnesotatimberwolves 102 orlandomagic 101 away
bostonceltics 99 atlantahawks 89 away
goldenstatewarriors 122 losangelesclippers 116 home
charlottehornets 107 indianapacers 103 away
minnesotatimberwolves 114 memphisgrizzlies 105 away
brooklynnets 111 milwaukeebucks 98 away
portlandtrailblazers 108 dallasmavericks 105 home
sacramentokings 94 neworleanspelicans 91 home
utahjazz 124 denvernuggets 97 home
washingtonwizards 109 philadelphiaSSers 93 home
orlandomagic 104 chicagobulls 84 away
clevelandcavaliers 84 miamiheat 76 home
denvernuggets 111 houstonrockets 94 home
detroitpistons 91 torontoraptors 84 home
losangeleslakers 106 sanantoniospurs 85 home
oklahomacitythunder 99 dallasmavericks 95 home
chicagobulls 151 milwaukeebucks 135 away
bostonceltics 99 newyorkknicks 93 away
clevelandcavaliers 91 philadelphiaSSers 90 away
phoenixsuns 122 goldenstatewarriors 116 home
sanantoniospurs 101 sacramentokings 98 away
torontoraptors 91 miamiheat 75 home
utahjazz 105 houstonrockets 96 home
washingtonwizards 117 indianapacers 110 home
orlandomagic 121 atlantahawks 105 away
detroitpistons 115 minnesotatimberwolves 103 home
losangeleslakers 124 sacramentokings 101 home
brooklynnets 112 charlottehornets 108 home
neworleanspelicans 114 losangelesclippers 92 home
portlandtrailblazers 113 memphisgrizzlies 91 home
bostonceltics 105 brooklynnets 94 home
charlottehornets 115 philadelphiaSSers 109 home
chicagobulls 107 torontoraptors 97 home
detroitpistons 84 clevelandcavaliers 74 away
dallasmavericks 111 neworleanspelicans 98 home
denvernuggets 120 memphisgrizzlies 111 home
oklahomacitythunder 126 goldenstatewarriors 121 away
houstonrockets 93 losangelesclippers 75 home
indianapacers 132 newyorkknicks 123 home
miamiheat 113 atlantahawks 99 home
minnesotatimberwolves 110 milwaukeebucks 101 home
orlandomagic 103 washingtonwizards 83 home
phoenixsuns 100 portlandtrailblazers 91 home
sanantoniospurs 109 utahjazz 80 home
clevelandcavaliers 93 washingtonwizards 86 home
utahjazz 93 houstonrockets 82 away
neworleanspelicans 104 dallasmavericks 92 home
sanantoniospurs 117 phoenixsuns 115 home
bostonceltics 104 atlantahawks 81 home
philadelphiaSSers 90 detroitpistons 86 away
losangeleslakers 128 denvernuggets 114 home
orlandomagic 114 torontoraptors 100 home
clevelandcavaliers 116 washingtonwizards 86 home
utahjazz 90 houstonrockets 84 away
neworleanspelicans 127 dallasmavericks 103 home
orlandomagic 104 torontoraptors 103 home
sanantoniospurs 102 phoenixsuns 96 home
bostonceltics 96 atlantahawks 77 home
detroitpistons 105 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
losangeleslakers 122 denvernuggets 107 home
torontoraptors 108 orlandomagic 94 home
houstonrockets 94 utahjazz 92 away
washingtonwizards 108 clevelandcavaliers 72 home
dallasmavericks 97 neworleanspelicans 87 home
philadelphiaSSers 95 detroitpistons 75 home
sanantoniospurs 115 phoenixsuns 99 away
atlantahawks 102 bostonceltics 93 home
losangeleslakers 102 denvernuggets 84 away
orlandomagic 106 torontoraptors 94 away
utahjazz 86 houstonrockets 82 home
neworleanspelicans 97 dallasmavericks 84 away
detroitpistons 93 philadelphiaSSers 84 away
phoenixsuns 105 sanantoniospurs 86 home
clevelandcavaliers 100 washingtonwizards 97 away
atlantahawks 97 bostonceltics 92 home
losangeleslakers 107 denvernuggets 101 away
orlandomagic 102 torontoraptors 92 home
detroitpistons 98 philadelphiaSSers 81 home
houstonrockets 95 utahjazz 69 home
neworleanspelicans 99 dallasmavericks 94 home
sanantoniospurs 92 phoenixsuns 87 home
bostonceltics 110 atlantahawks 85 home
washingtonwizards 88 clevelandcavaliers 87 away
detroitpistons 100 philadelphiaSSers 77 away
atlantahawks 103 bostonceltics 100 home
utahjazz 113 houstonrockets 91 home
clevelandcavaliers 105 washingtonwizards 88 away
detroitpistons 91 orlandomagic 72 home
neworleanspelicans 101 sanantoniospurs 82 home
bostonceltics 99 atlantahawks 65 home
losangeleslakers 109 utahjazz 98 home
detroitpistons 100 orlandomagic 93 home
neworleanspelicans 102 sanantoniospurs 84 home
bostonceltics 76 clevelandcavaliers 72 home
losangeleslakers 120 utahjazz 110 home
orlandomagic 111 detroitpistons 86 home
bostonceltics 89 clevelandcavaliers 73 home
sanantoniospurs 110 neworleanspelicans 99 home
utahjazz 104 losangeleslakers 99 home
clevelandcavaliers 108 bostonceltics 84 home
detroitpistons 90 orlandomagic 89 away
sanantoniospurs 100 neworleanspelicans 80 home
utahjazz 123 losangeleslakers 115 home
clevelandcavaliers 88 bostonceltics 77 home
detroitpistons 91 orlandomagic 86 home
neworleanspelicans 101 sanantoniospurs 79 home
bostonceltics 96 clevelandcavaliers 89 home
losangeleslakers 111 utahjazz 104 home
sanantoniospurs 99 neworleanspelicans 80 home
clevelandcavaliers 74 bostonceltics 69 home
losangeleslakers 108 utahjazz 105 away
bostonceltics 97 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
sanantoniospurs 91 neworleanspelicans 82 away
bostonceltics 88 detroitpistons 79 home
losangeleslakers 89 sanantoniospurs 85 home
detroitpistons 103 bostonceltics 97 away
losangeleslakers 101 sanantoniospurs 71 home
bostonceltics 94 detroitpistons 80 away
sanantoniospurs 103 losangeleslakers 84 home
detroitpistons 94 bostonceltics 75 home
losangeleslakers 93 sanantoniospurs 91 away
bostonceltics 106 detroitpistons 102 home
losangeleslakers 100 sanantoniospurs 92 home
bostonceltics 89 detroitpistons 81 away
bostonceltics 98 losangeleslakers 88 home
bostonceltics 108 losangeleslakers 102 home
losangeleslakers 87 bostonceltics 81 home
bostonceltics 97 losangeleslakers 91 away
losangeleslakers 103 bostonceltics 98 home
bostonceltics 131 losangeleslakers 92 home
