bostonceltics 90 clevelandcavaliers 85 home
chicagobulls 108 milwaukeebucks 95 home
losangeleslakers 96 portlandtrailblazers 76 home
detroitpistons 100 indianapacers 94 home
neworleanspelicans 108 goldenstatewarriors 103 away
houstonrockets 82 memphisgrizzlies 71 home
losangeleslakers 117 losangelesclippers 79 home
minnesotatimberwolves 98 sacramentokings 96 home
newyorkknicks 120 miamiheat 115 home
milwaukeebucks 98 oklahomacitythunder 87 away
atlantahawks 99 orlandomagic 85 away
torontoraptors 95 philadelphiaSSers 84 away
phoenixsuns 103 sanantoniospurs 98 away
utahjazz 98 denvernuggets 94 home
brooklynnets 95 washingtonwizards 85 away
clevelandcavaliers 96 charlottehornets 79 home
houstonrockets 112 dallasmavericks 102 away
neworleanspelicans 108 phoenixsuns 95 away
bostonceltics 96 chicagobulls 80 home
denvernuggets 113 losangelesclippers 103 away
memphisgrizzlies 86 orlandomagic 84 home
miamiheat 103 sacramentokings 77 home
philadelphiaSSers 116 newyorkknicks 87 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 sanantoniospurs 99 home
torontoraptors 112 goldenstatewarriors 108 home
atlantahawks 95 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
charlottehornets 100 miamiheat 87 home
chicagobulls 96 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
losangeleslakers 104 denvernuggets 97 away
detroitpistons 117 washingtonwizards 109 home
houstonrockets 89 oklahomacitythunder 77 home
indianapacers 95 bostonceltics 79 home
torontoraptors 91 milwaukeebucks 87 away
dallasmavericks 95 minnesotatimberwolves 85 away
goldenstatewarriors 105 brooklynnets 97 away
neworleanspelicans 104 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
orlandomagic 121 sacramentokings 103 home
phoenixsuns 107 portlandtrailblazers 96 home
utahjazz 101 losangelesclippers 79 home
milwaukeebucks 94 newyorkknicks 86 away
oklahomacitythunder 88 minnesotatimberwolves 85 home
detroitpistons 101 charlottehornets 83 away
clevelandcavaliers 100 dallasmavericks 81 away
utahjazz 89 losangelesclippers 73 away
memphisgrizzlies 90 goldenstatewarriors 79 home
orlandomagic 96 chicagobulls 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 125 sacramentokings 91 home
bostonceltics 103 houstonrockets 99 away
phoenixsuns 114 brooklynnets 86 away
dallasmavericks 98 sanantoniospurs 81 away
clevelandcavaliers 107 chicagobulls 93 home
goldenstatewarriors 111 denvernuggets 101 home
phoenixsuns 113 indianapacers 103 away
losangeleslakers 106 losangelesclippers 88 home
miamiheat 106 philadelphiaSSers 83 home
milwaukeebucks 112 washingtonwizards 104 home
sanantoniospurs 129 minnesotatimberwolves 125 away
atlantahawks 87 neworleanspelicans 79 away
newyorkknicks 101 charlottehornets 98 home
bostonceltics 96 oklahomacitythunder 83 away
sacramentokings 100 memphisgrizzlies 95 home
detroitpistons 100 torontoraptors 93 away
utahjazz 103 portlandtrailblazers 96 home
orlandomagic 98 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
portlandtrailblazers 101 houstonrockets 99 home
atlantahawks 110 torontoraptors 92 home
bostonceltics 101 milwaukeebucks 89 home
charlottehornets 92 neworleanspelicans 89 home
chicagobulls 100 phoenixsuns 83 home
clevelandcavaliers 111 indianapacers 107 home
denvernuggets 108 dallasmavericks 105 home
memphisgrizzlies 109 goldenstatewarriors 104 away
houstonrockets 92 losangelesclippers 83 away
brooklynnets 103 detroitpistons 96 home
sacramentokings 121 minnesotatimberwolves 109 home
miamiheat 99 sanantoniospurs 83 away
utahjazz 104 oklahomacitythunder 97 home
newyorkknicks 114 washingtonwizards 108 away
clevelandcavaliers 106 chicagobulls 97 away
indianapacers 98 brooklynnets 80 home
phoenixsuns 104 milwaukeebucks 96 away
neworleanspelicans 100 miamiheat 89 home
orlandomagic 106 washingtonwizards 81 home
portlandtrailblazers 97 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
torontoraptors 89 charlottehornets 79 away
denvernuggets 100 memphisgrizzlies 90 home
bostonceltics 88 detroitpistons 76 away
losangelesclippers 103 dallasmavericks 92 home
losangeleslakers 111 houstonrockets 82 home
newyorkknicks 107 utahjazz 99 home
atlantahawks 89 oklahomacitythunder 85 away
sacramentokings 115 goldenstatewarriors 98 home
bostonceltics 94 torontoraptors 87 home
indianapacers 107 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
miamiheat 99 brooklynnets 94 home
portlandtrailblazers 106 orlandomagic 99 away
phoenixsuns 107 memphisgrizzlies 102 home
denvernuggets 88 charlottehornets 80 away
atlantahawks 113 chicagobulls 108 away
clevelandcavaliers 99 milwaukeebucks 93 home
losangeleslakers 106 dallasmavericks 99 away
goldenstatewarriors 113 minnesotatimberwolves 110 home
utahjazz 93 philadelphiaSSers 80 away
detroitpistons 100 sacramentokings 92 away
sanantoniospurs 92 newyorkknicks 80 home
bostonceltics 103 atlantahawks 102 home
sacramentokings 103 losangelesclippers 98 away
newyorkknicks 132 memphisgrizzlies 103 away
portlandtrailblazers 104 miamiheat 96 away
milwaukeebucks 82 sanantoniospurs 78 home
indianapacers 98 brooklynnets 87 away
losangeleslakers 93 neworleanspelicans 86 away
orlandomagic 109 oklahomacitythunder 92 away
houstonrockets 94 phoenixsuns 82 away
philadelphiaSSers 106 torontoraptors 96 away
washingtonwizards 95 utahjazz 87 home
chicagobulls 98 dallasmavericks 91 home
clevelandcavaliers 110 denvernuggets 99 home
detroitpistons 107 goldenstatewarriors 102 away
detroitpistons 106 losangeleslakers 95 away
milwaukeebucks 101 memphisgrizzlies 96 away
miamiheat 97 washingtonwizards 77 home
brooklynnets 115 atlantahawks 108 home
neworleanspelicans 87 portlandtrailblazers 82 home
newyorkknicks 116 oklahomacitythunder 106 home
phoenixsuns 97 sacramentokings 95 away
sanantoniospurs 77 houstonrockets 75 home
denvernuggets 94 bostonceltics 85 away
charlottehornets 104 utahjazz 96 home
orlandomagic 102 dallasmavericks 100 away
philadelphiaSSers 94 indianapacers 92 away
brooklynnets 119 atlantahawks 107 away
chicagobulls 104 indianapacers 91 home
clevelandcavaliers 105 utahjazz 93 home
houstonrockets 91 neworleanspelicans 82 home
goldenstatewarriors 121 losangelesclippers 103 away
bostonceltics 102 milwaukeebucks 97 away
portlandtrailblazers 88 minnesotatimberwolves 83 away
philadelphiaSSers 110 oklahomacitythunder 85 home
orlandomagic 90 charlottehornets 85 away
denvernuggets 90 minnesotatimberwolves 84 home
dallasmavericks 124 newyorkknicks 114 away
phoenixsuns 104 detroitpistons 86 home
sanantoniospurs 90 sacramentokings 88 away
torontoraptors 107 miamiheat 96 home
sanantoniospurs 86 losangelesclippers 83 away
houstonrockets 100 oklahomacitythunder 89 away
utahjazz 109 phoenixsuns 97 home
bostonceltics 110 newyorkknicks 101 home
dallasmavericks 100 charlottehornets 83 away
denvernuggets 114 milwaukeebucks 105 home
goldenstatewarriors 111 portlandtrailblazers 106 home
indianapacers 113 atlantahawks 96 home
losangeleslakers 116 chicagobulls 109 home
memphisgrizzlies 109 sacramentokings 94 home
clevelandcavaliers 106 brooklynnets 82 away
orlandomagic 103 torontoraptors 90 home
miamiheat 94 washingtonwizards 87 away
atlantahawks 91 washingtonwizards 87 home
detroitpistons 96 clevelandcavaliers 89 home
dallasmavericks 96 houstonrockets 86 away
torontoraptors 101 miamiheat 95 away
minnesotatimberwolves 102 philadelphiaSSers 96 home
sacramentokings 105 neworleanspelicans 96 away
losangelesclippers 108 oklahomacitythunder 88 away
portlandtrailblazers 116 chicagobulls 74 home
denvernuggets 91 sanantoniospurs 81 away
utahjazz 105 milwaukeebucks 94 home
bostonceltics 98 detroitpistons 80 home
losangeleslakers 105 phoenixsuns 92 away
atlantahawks 88 charlottehornets 83 home
dallasmavericks 91 memphisgrizzlies 76 home
chicagobulls 115 goldenstatewarriors 110 away
orlandomagic 100 indianapacers 98 away
losangeleslakers 104 denvernuggets 90 home
milwaukeebucks 104 newyorkknicks 87 home
bostonceltics 95 minnesotatimberwolves 78 away
neworleanspelicans 105 oklahomacitythunder 80 away
philadelphiaSSers 89 losangelesclippers 88 home
portlandtrailblazers 117 sacramentokings 96 away
sanantoniospurs 119 utahjazz 94 home
brooklynnets 129 torontoraptors 127 away
houstonrockets 103 washingtonwizards 91 away
milwaukeebucks 79 charlottehornets 74 away
clevelandcavaliers 110 atlantahawks 96 home
utahjazz 103 memphisgrizzlies 94 away
miamiheat 109 indianapacers 100 home
brooklynnets 112 losangelesclippers 95 home
neworleanspelicans 109 oklahomacitythunder 97 home
newyorkknicks 122 washingtonwizards 117 home
houstonrockets 100 orlandomagic 95 away
phoenixsuns 102 portlandtrailblazers 92 home
denvernuggets 114 chicagobulls 101 home
minnesotatimberwolves 106 detroitpistons 80 away
losangeleslakers 118 sacramentokings 108 home
philadelphiaSSers 89 goldenstatewarriors 81 home
bostonceltics 118 torontoraptors 103 away
charlottehornets 93 philadelphiaSSers 84 home
neworleanspelicans 99 losangelesclippers 87 away
sanantoniospurs 94 memphisgrizzlies 81 away
houstonrockets 107 miamiheat 98 away
orlandomagic 108 milwaukeebucks 101 home
portlandtrailblazers 91 sacramentokings 90 home
chicagobulls 101 utahjazz 100 away
dallasmavericks 109 indianapacers 106 home
losangeleslakers 120 brooklynnets 93 home
clevelandcavaliers 119 newyorkknicks 101 away
phoenixsuns 99 oklahomacitythunder 98 away
washingtonwizards 124 goldenstatewarriors 100 home
atlantahawks 102 milwaukeebucks 96 home
bostonceltics 119 goldenstatewarriors 111 home
clevelandcavaliers 117 oklahomacitythunder 82 home
detroitpistons 110 newyorkknicks 96 home
indianapacers 91 houstonrockets 90 away
denvernuggets 106 losangelesclippers 105 away
phoenixsuns 110 minnesotatimberwolves 102 away
orlandomagic 96 philadelphiaSSers 94 away
portlandtrailblazers 106 miamiheat 68 home
brooklynnets 116 sacramentokings 114 away
sanantoniospurs 98 chicagobulls 88 home
torontoraptors 93 charlottehornets 86 home
utahjazz 117 memphisgrizzlies 100 home
neworleanspelicans 105 denvernuggets 101 away
orlandomagic 105 washingtonwizards 90 away
bostonceltics 102 philadelphiaSSers 78 home
clevelandcavaliers 112 goldenstatewarriors 97 home
detroitpistons 107 milwaukeebucks 97 home
charlottehornets 115 indianapacers 108 away
losangeleslakers 114 dallasmavericks 107 home
minnesotatimberwolves 105 oklahomacitythunder 103 away
miamiheat 107 phoenixsuns 92 away
portlandtrailblazers 101 neworleanspelicans 86 home
sanantoniospurs 109 memphisgrizzlies 98 home
torontoraptors 93 atlantahawks 88 home
utahjazz 120 sacramentokings 94 home
bostonceltics 89 charlottehornets 84 away
houstonrockets 103 sanantoniospurs 84 home
losangelesclippers 97 miamiheat 96 home
oklahomacitythunder 111 memphisgrizzlies 103 away
clevelandcavaliers 97 milwaukeebucks 85 away
denvernuggets 106 minnesotatimberwolves 97 away
newyorkknicks 138 goldenstatewarriors 125 home
orlandomagic 110 indianapacers 96 home
dallasmavericks 101 sacramentokings 78 away
brooklynnets 105 utahjazz 88 away
atlantahawks 102 washingtonwizards 98 away
denvernuggets 104 houstonrockets 94 home
portlandtrailblazers 96 detroitpistons 85 away
losangeleslakers 112 torontoraptors 99 home
chicagobulls 103 philadelphiaSSers 92 away
brooklynnets 117 phoenixsuns 109 away
bostonceltics 107 orlandomagic 88 home
charlottehornets 100 minnesotatimberwolves 90 home
miamiheat 130 goldenstatewarriors 129 away
philadelphiaSSers 103 chicagobulls 95 away
dallasmavericks 100 losangelesclippers 98 home
denvernuggets 132 torontoraptors 93 home
indianapacers 118 losangeleslakers 117 home
washingtonwizards 108 brooklynnets 88 away
portlandtrailblazers 104 newyorkknicks 97 away
utahjazz 99 sacramentokings 94 away
detroitpistons 89 sanantoniospurs 77 away
atlantahawks 105 memphisgrizzlies 95 home
bostonceltics 114 indianapacers 96 home
charlottehornets 103 oklahomacitythunder 97 home
clevelandcavaliers 118 newyorkknicks 82 home
houstonrockets 103 losangelesclippers 96 home
milwaukeebucks 97 chicagobulls 90 home
neworleanspelicans 104 phoenixsuns 91 home
orlandomagic 100 minnesotatimberwolves 89 home
losangeleslakers 114 philadelphiaSSers 102 away
miamiheat 93 utahjazz 89 away
portlandtrailblazers 98 washingtonwizards 92 away
dallasmavericks 112 phoenixsuns 97 home
sanantoniospurs 108 denvernuggets 91 away
atlantahawks 98 newyorkknicks 95 home
bostonceltics 93 portlandtrailblazers 78 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 indianapacers 73 home
philadelphiaSSers 96 detroitpistons 91 away
houstonrockets 131 goldenstatewarriors 112 home
memphisgrizzlies 93 losangelesclippers 81 home
milwaukeebucks 101 charlottehornets 96 home
brooklynnets 113 minnesotatimberwolves 84 home
orlandomagic 98 oklahomacitythunder 89 home
utahjazz 114 torontoraptors 87 home
losangeleslakers 106 washingtonwizards 104 away
clevelandcavaliers 94 charlottehornets 74 away
chicagobulls 117 washingtonwizards 110 home
dallasmavericks 100 atlantahawks 98 home
miamiheat 105 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
losangelesclippers 107 minnesotatimberwolves 84 away
neworleanspelicans 106 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
brooklynnets 95 philadelphiaSSers 84 away
phoenixsuns 106 utahjazz 104 home
denvernuggets 118 sacramentokings 85 away
sanantoniospurs 123 goldenstatewarriors 88 home
bostonceltics 122 indianapacers 117 away
losangeleslakers 105 milwaukeebucks 92 home
newyorkknicks 104 detroitpistons 92 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 torontoraptors 97 away
orlandomagic 95 losangelesclippers 88 away
memphisgrizzlies 109 houstonrockets 97 home
miamiheat 100 charlottehornets 96 home
goldenstatewarriors 112 oklahomacitythunder 102 away
chicagobulls 105 newyorkknicks 100 home
clevelandcavaliers 114 torontoraptors 94 home
sanantoniospurs 133 dallasmavericks 126 away
houstonrockets 92 atlantahawks 84 home
utahjazz 99 minnesotatimberwolves 96 away
phoenixsuns 125 milwaukeebucks 110 home
orlandomagic 109 portlandtrailblazers 108 away
sacramentokings 113 losangeleslakers 101 home
washingtonwizards 107 detroitpistons 94 home
denvernuggets 116 minnesotatimberwolves 105 home
goldenstatewarriors 119 milwaukeebucks 96 home
losangeleslakers 115 phoenixsuns 110 home
newyorkknicks 121 brooklynnets 109 away
neworleanspelicans 105 charlottehornets 89 home
memphisgrizzlies 108 oklahomacitythunder 102 away
clevelandcavaliers 101 philadelphiaSSers 93 away
sanantoniospurs 95 atlantahawks 89 home
torontoraptors 101 indianapacers 88 home
dallasmavericks 95 charlottehornets 90 home
utahjazz 97 portlandtrailblazers 88 home
bostonceltics 122 washingtonwizards 88 away
bostonceltics 94 neworleanspelicans 82 home
clevelandcavaliers 88 philadelphiaSSers 72 home
detroitpistons 114 indianapacers 110 home
houstonrockets 119 goldenstatewarriors 108 away
losangeleslakers 112 sacramentokings 103 home
memphisgrizzlies 103 chicagobulls 96 home
atlantahawks 87 miamiheat 73 away
sanantoniospurs 98 minnesotatimberwolves 86 away
torontoraptors 101 brooklynnets 79 away
phoenixsuns 113 orlandomagic 112 home
losangelesclippers 120 portlandtrailblazers 112 away
atlantahawks 97 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
detroitpistons 90 charlottehornets 86 away
chicagobulls 113 brooklynnets 104 home
dallasmavericks 103 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
denvernuggets 123 goldenstatewarriors 105 home
losangelesclippers 95 houstonrockets 82 home
milwaukeebucks 121 indianapacers 103 home
philadelphiaSSers 104 washingtonwizards 89 home
newyorkknicks 114 sacramentokings 90 away
orlandomagic 103 utahjazz 94 away
losangeleslakers 98 minnesotatimberwolves 86 home
memphisgrizzlies 102 miamiheat 86 home
sanantoniospurs 109 oklahomacitythunder 104 home
neworleanspelicans 99 torontoraptors 91 away
atlantahawks 83 charlottehornets 79 home
bostonceltics 100 utahjazz 91 home
denvernuggets 98 dallasmavericks 88 away
orlandomagic 109 goldenstatewarriors 98 away
milwaukeebucks 98 miamiheat 83 away
phoenixsuns 111 newyorkknicks 103 home
sacramentokings 118 minnesotatimberwolves 103 home
brooklynnets 94 torontoraptors 87 away
indianapacers 118 washingtonwizards 98 away
charlottehornets 110 chicagobulls 101 home
houstonrockets 108 denvernuggets 96 home
losangeleslakers 116 newyorkknicks 114 home
neworleanspelicans 91 memphisgrizzlies 84 away
losangelesclippers 98 oklahomacitythunder 88 away
portlandtrailblazers 109 sacramentokings 77 home
bostonceltics 88 atlantahawks 85 away
chicagobulls 115 losangelesclippers 109 home
detroitpistons 88 washingtonwizards 74 home
indianapacers 127 goldenstatewarriors 120 home
clevelandcavaliers 93 minnesotatimberwolves 70 away
utahjazz 103 brooklynnets 92 away
neworleanspelicans 90 sanantoniospurs 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 93 milwaukeebucks 88 home
dallasmavericks 96 torontoraptors 86 away
orlandomagic 90 sanantoniospurs 78 home
portlandtrailblazers 124 phoenixsuns 119 home
utahjazz 120 detroitpistons 114 away
houstonrockets 107 sacramentokings 96 home
losangelesclippers 117 indianapacers 109 away
charlottehornets 112 memphisgrizzlies 83 away
miamiheat 89 losangeleslakers 87 home
brooklynnets 121 dallasmavericks 97 home
milwaukeebucks 105 newyorkknicks 81 away
oklahomacitythunder 91 torontoraptors 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 109 washingtonwizards 103 away
atlantahawks 115 goldenstatewarriors 99 home
bostonceltics 126 chicagobulls 108 home
clevelandcavaliers 105 denvernuggets 88 away
goldenstatewarriors 110 charlottehornets 103 away
chicagobulls 106 utahjazz 98 home
milwaukeebucks 119 losangelesclippers 85 home
houstonrockets 109 minnesotatimberwolves 102 away
miamiheat 106 brooklynnets 103 away
neworleanspelicans 99 sacramentokings 90 home
orlandomagic 106 losangeleslakers 103 home
indianapacers 95 philadelphiaSSers 94 away
phoenixsuns 108 denvernuggets 101 home
sanantoniospurs 107 torontoraptors 97 home
atlantahawks 85 detroitpistons 78 home
bostonceltics 124 newyorkknicks 105 home
clevelandcavaliers 102 oklahomacitythunder 91 away
dallasmavericks 97 washingtonwizards 86 away
denvernuggets 97 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
torontoraptors 97 losangelesclippers 75 away
losangeleslakers 105 memphisgrizzlies 96 away
houstonrockets 114 brooklynnets 91 away
orlandomagic 113 goldenstatewarriors 81 home
sanantoniospurs 101 sacramentokings 85 home
atlantahawks 99 oklahomacitythunder 88 home
bostonceltics 110 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
charlottehornets 80 washingtonwizards 72 home
clevelandcavaliers 99 houstonrockets 90 home
dallasmavericks 100 memphisgrizzlies 82 home
detroitpistons 104 chicagobulls 98 home
brooklynnets 108 indianapacers 107 away
miamiheat 96 goldenstatewarriors 88 home
milwaukeebucks 94 utahjazz 86 home
losangeleslakers 100 neworleanspelicans 87 away
portlandtrailblazers 101 denvernuggets 92 home
sanantoniospurs 99 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
clevelandcavaliers 93 washingtonwizards 89 home
losangeleslakers 92 bostonceltics 83 home
orlandomagic 88 neworleanspelicans 68 home
sanantoniospurs 91 phoenixsuns 90 away
dallasmavericks 102 portlandtrailblazers 94 away
denvernuggets 105 philadelphiaSSers 101 home
detroitpistons 90 oklahomacitythunder 88 home
goldenstatewarriors 99 bostonceltics 89 home
memphisgrizzlies 108 indianapacers 105 home
miamiheat 90 chicagobulls 77 home
charlottehornets 95 brooklynnets 87 away
neworleanspelicans 88 houstonrockets 79 home
minnesotatimberwolves 120 newyorkknicks 107 away
torontoraptors 107 sacramentokings 101 away
utahjazz 97 dallasmavericks 88 home
atlantahawks 129 chicagobulls 117 home
brooklynnets 114 charlottehornets 103 away
houstonrockets 120 utahjazz 115 home
detroitpistons 87 milwaukeebucks 76 away
orlandomagic 118 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
portlandtrailblazers 102 torontoraptors 89 home
sanantoniospurs 106 memphisgrizzlies 103 home
washingtonwizards 104 oklahomacitythunder 95 home
clevelandcavaliers 93 miamiheat 86 home
neworleanspelicans 105 indianapacers 103 away
dallasmavericks 98 losangelesclippers 76 away
losangeleslakers 130 goldenstatewarriors 113 home
denvernuggets 117 newyorkknicks 110 away
bostonceltics 108 sacramentokings 63 away
atlantahawks 109 denvernuggets 91 home
detroitpistons 88 orlandomagic 82 home
goldenstatewarriors 117 torontoraptors 111 home
washingtonwizards 89 houstonrockets 87 away
minnesotatimberwolves 108 memphisgrizzlies 98 home
chicagobulls 100 brooklynnets 87 away
phoenixsuns 110 oklahomacitythunder 102 away
utahjazz 112 philadelphiaSSers 95 home
newyorkknicks 93 charlottehornets 89 away
dallasmavericks 107 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
atlantahawks 110 indianapacers 104 away
phoenixsuns 101 memphisgrizzlies 89 away
miamiheat 104 clevelandcavaliers 95 home
neworleanspelicans 97 washingtonwizards 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 91 bostonceltics 86 home
sacramentokings 92 losangelesclippers 90 home
milwaukeebucks 100 sanantoniospurs 98 away
orlandomagic 113 chicagobulls 94 away
detroitpistons 83 brooklynnets 75 home
houstonrockets 85 milwaukeebucks 81 home
philadelphiaSSers 100 losangelesclippers 92 away
oklahomacitythunder 107 goldenstatewarriors 100 home
denvernuggets 114 torontoraptors 107 away
bostonceltics 108 washingtonwizards 83 home
clevelandcavaliers 117 chicagobulls 92 home
dallasmavericks 96 philadelphiaSSers 86 home
detroitpistons 98 sacramentokings 92 home
losangeleslakers 113 utahjazz 100 home
sanantoniospurs 91 memphisgrizzlies 80 away
milwaukeebucks 103 charlottehornets 75 home
minnesotatimberwolves 115 goldenstatewarriors 108 home
brooklynnets 93 atlantahawks 91 home
indianapacers 105 newyorkknicks 103 away
denvernuggets 122 oklahomacitythunder 120 away
orlandomagic 86 miamiheat 76 home
phoenixsuns 106 losangelesclippers 98 home
neworleanspelicans 92 portlandtrailblazers 77 away
torontoraptors 94 houstonrockets 73 home
atlantahawks 103 houstonrockets 100 home
charlottehornets 102 milwaukeebucks 92 home
minnesotatimberwolves 102 chicagobulls 92 away
denvernuggets 105 neworleanspelicans 100 home
indianapacers 122 sacramentokings 117 home
miamiheat 101 brooklynnets 96 home
sanantoniospurs 108 philadelphiaSSers 106 home
detroitpistons 88 losangelesclippers 87 away
losangeleslakers 100 portlandtrailblazers 86 home
memphisgrizzlies 102 dallasmavericks 82 home
newyorkknicks 100 bostonceltics 88 home
torontoraptors 108 orlandomagic 102 home
washingtonwizards 80 clevelandcavaliers 77 home
denvernuggets 135 indianapacers 115 home
sanantoniospurs 91 miamiheat 84 away
milwaukeebucks 107 torontoraptors 97 home
brooklynnets 98 sacramentokings 90 home
utahjazz 119 goldenstatewarriors 114 home
charlottehornets 114 bostonceltics 106 home
chicagobulls 99 sacramentokings 94 home
dallasmavericks 107 losangelesclippers 102 home
neworleanspelicans 116 losangeleslakers 105 away
minnesotatimberwolves 94 memphisgrizzlies 87 away
oklahomacitythunder 107 newyorkknicks 99 home
orlandomagic 89 washingtonwizards 80 home
philadelphiaSSers 104 houstonrockets 96 home
orlandomagic 106 atlantahawks 102 away
houstonrockets 89 bostonceltics 85 away
clevelandcavaliers 111 charlottehornets 81 home
denvernuggets 108 miamiheat 97 home
losangeleslakers 114 goldenstatewarriors 106 away
philadelphiaSSers 110 milwaukeebucks 105 away
minnesotatimberwolves 129 oklahomacitythunder 87 home
brooklynnets 100 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
indianapacers 113 phoenixsuns 110 away
portlandtrailblazers 84 detroitpistons 83 home
utahjazz 116 neworleanspelicans 90 home
torontoraptors 99 washingtonwizards 93 away
dallasmavericks 99 newyorkknicks 94 home
sanantoniospurs 106 losangelesclippers 84 home
chicagobulls 98 washingtonwizards 86 home
clevelandcavaliers 98 bostonceltics 83 home
detroitpistons 93 denvernuggets 90 away
losangeleslakers 121 indianapacers 119 home
milwaukeebucks 104 brooklynnets 102 home
neworleanspelicans 107 losangelesclippers 80 home
houstonrockets 98 oklahomacitythunder 96 away
orlandomagic 121 atlantahawks 87 home
philadelphiaSSers 93 charlottehornets 87 home
phoenixsuns 128 dallasmavericks 100 home
miamiheat 119 sacramentokings 115 away
torontoraptors 103 memphisgrizzlies 82 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 chicagobulls 98 away
houstonrockets 96 newyorkknicks 76 home
minnesotatimberwolves 106 milwaukeebucks 104 home
portlandtrailblazers 113 goldenstatewarriors 100 home
utahjazz 99 detroitpistons 82 home
charlottehornets 92 washingtonwizards 89 away
philadelphiaSSers 109 atlantahawks 94 away
goldenstatewarriors 120 indianapacers 117 home
phoenixsuns 109 losangelesclippers 103 away
losangeleslakers 108 miamiheat 105 home
sacramentokings 102 dallasmavericks 95 home
orlandomagic 105 sanantoniospurs 98 away
bostonceltics 94 torontoraptors 88 away
bostonceltics 115 torontoraptors 109 home
portlandtrailblazers 109 chicagobulls 95 away
brooklynnets 103 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
newyorkknicks 101 neworleanspelicans 95 away
utahjazz 120 indianapacers 113 home
milwaukeebucks 97 washingtonwizards 91 away
denvernuggets 99 dallasmavericks 97 home
charlottehornets 80 detroitpistons 78 away
losangeleslakers 105 houstonrockets 100 away
clevelandcavaliers 102 memphisgrizzlies 87 away
miamiheat 99 minnesotatimberwolves 96 away
phoenixsuns 107 atlantahawks 102 home
orlandomagic 139 sacramentokings 107 away
bostonceltics 118 brooklynnets 86 home
neworleanspelicans 104 dallasmavericks 97 away
sacramentokings 135 goldenstatewarriors 133 away
indianapacers 110 detroitpistons 106 home
atlantahawks 97 losangelesclippers 80 away
miamiheat 102 milwaukeebucks 99 away
newyorkknicks 128 washingtonwizards 122 home
oklahomacitythunder 114 utahjazz 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 100 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
sanantoniospurs 112 losangeleslakers 111 home
chicagobulls 102 torontoraptors 98 away
chicagobulls 102 clevelandcavaliers 93 home
denvernuggets 119 phoenixsuns 113 home
portlandtrailblazers 105 brooklynnets 99 away
clevelandcavaliers 92 neworleanspelicans 78 home
goldenstatewarriors 119 atlantahawks 114 home
indianapacers 111 torontoraptors 104 home
orlandomagic 109 losangeleslakers 103 away
utahjazz 101 memphisgrizzlies 91 away
oklahomacitythunder 89 detroitpistons 79 home
philadelphiaSSers 109 sanantoniospurs 87 home
minnesotatimberwolves 105 phoenixsuns 103 away
milwaukeebucks 129 sacramentokings 122 away
washingtonwizards 96 newyorkknicks 89 home
charlottehornets 102 portlandtrailblazers 97 home
sanantoniospurs 92 chicagobulls 87 away
dallasmavericks 115 utahjazz 108 home
orlandomagic 106 denvernuggets 88 away
neworleanspelicans 91 detroitpistons 85 away
houstonrockets 93 miamiheat 86 home
losangelesclippers 101 milwaukeebucks 92 home
bostonceltics 105 brooklynnets 85 away
philadelphiaSSers 107 newyorkknicks 97 away
miamiheat 104 oklahomacitythunder 94 away
phoenixsuns 117 torontoraptors 113 away
atlantahawks 87 torontoraptors 84 home
bostonceltics 104 phoenixsuns 87 home
sanantoniospurs 86 charlottehornets 84 away
goldenstatewarriors 119 washingtonwizards 98 home
houstonrockets 115 denvernuggets 113 home
minnesotatimberwolves 94 losangelesclippers 86 away
losangeleslakers 105 clevelandcavaliers 88 home
detroitpistons 87 memphisgrizzlies 79 away
neworleanspelicans 103 indianapacers 100 home
newyorkknicks 102 chicagobulls 98 home
dallasmavericks 95 philadelphiaSSers 93 away
portlandtrailblazers 102 milwaukeebucks 85 home
atlantahawks 105 chicagobulls 102 away
denvernuggets 118 sacramentokings 99 home
sanantoniospurs 99 indianapacers 81 home
utahjazz 112 minnesotatimberwolves 107 home
charlottehornets 101 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
detroitpistons 95 torontoraptors 76 home
oklahomacitythunder 122 goldenstatewarriors 121 away
houstonrockets 108 utahjazz 99 home
losangeleslakers 108 losangelesclippers 97 home
bostonceltics 98 miamiheat 83 away
milwaukeebucks 133 dallasmavericks 99 home
neworleanspelicans 102 brooklynnets 92 home
newyorkknicks 114 phoenixsuns 109 home
clevelandcavaliers 104 portlandtrailblazers 98 away
washingtonwizards 110 sacramentokings 107 away
losangeleslakers 117 washingtonwizards 97 home
bostonceltics 90 orlandomagic 80 away
losangelesclippers 107 oklahomacitythunder 104 home
minnesotatimberwolves 116 neworleanspelicans 108 home
newyorkknicks 108 memphisgrizzlies 88 home
sanantoniospurs 94 brooklynnets 91 home
atlantahawks 117 milwaukeebucks 87 home
charlottehornets 98 phoenixsuns 76 home
torontoraptors 114 chicagobulls 94 away
dallasmavericks 112 detroitpistons 91 away
clevelandcavaliers 106 goldenstatewarriors 105 away
indianapacers 107 houstonrockets 102 home
brooklynnets 99 memphisgrizzlies 88 away
miamiheat 103 orlandomagic 97 home
milwaukeebucks 106 sacramentokings 104 home
philadelphiaSSers 116 newyorkknicks 110 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 washingtonwizards 87 home
clevelandcavaliers 102 utahjazz 97 away
phoenixsuns 104 atlantahawks 99 away
bostonceltics 124 dallasmavericks 100 home
denvernuggets 117 utahjazz 97 home
houstonrockets 108 detroitpistons 105 away
goldenstatewarriors 107 losangelesclippers 92 home
indianapacers 98 charlottehornets 93 home
losangeleslakers 99 sanantoniospurs 85 home
minnesotatimberwolves 109 chicagobulls 108 home
torontoraptors 113 sacramentokings 97 home
portlandtrailblazers 113 losangelesclippers 88 away
miamiheat 95 atlantahawks 79 home
minnesotatimberwolves 90 milwaukeebucks 83 away
neworleanspelicans 101 philadelphiaSSers 86 home
newyorkknicks 104 houstonrockets 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 94 brooklynnets 85 home
phoenixsuns 103 washingtonwizards 87 away
clevelandcavaliers 117 sacramentokings 110 home
charlottehornets 117 losangeleslakers 110 away
denvernuggets 100 memphisgrizzlies 85 away
orlandomagic 135 indianapacers 111 home
sanantoniospurs 106 utahjazz 100 away
bostonceltics 119 sacramentokings 100 home
dallasmavericks 117 goldenstatewarriors 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 95 houstonrockets 93 away
indianapacers 107 milwaukeebucks 99 home
chicagobulls 95 losangelesclippers 75 away
miamiheat 93 washingtonwizards 71 home
detroitpistons 98 minnesotatimberwolves 89 away
torontoraptors 107 brooklynnets 106 away
neworleanspelicans 94 denvernuggets 81 home
newyorkknicks 112 atlantahawks 104 home
oklahomacitythunder 114 memphisgrizzlies 102 home
portlandtrailblazers 88 charlottehornets 74 home
orlandomagic 99 clevelandcavaliers 88 home
sanantoniospurs 114 phoenixsuns 104 away
atlantahawks 105 brooklynnets 88 home
clevelandcavaliers 112 losangelesclippers 95 home
denvernuggets 110 charlottehornets 99 home
bostonceltics 86 detroitpistons 78 away
indianapacers 114 miamiheat 103 home
losangeleslakers 132 minnesotatimberwolves 119 away
goldenstatewarriors 91 neworleanspelicans 87 away
philadelphiaSSers 104 washingtonwizards 94 home
chicagobulls 109 sacramentokings 88 away
milwaukeebucks 96 torontoraptors 85 away
utahjazz 110 oklahomacitythunder 90 home
houstonrockets 110 goldenstatewarriors 93 home
newyorkknicks 122 indianapacers 113 away
losangeleslakers 115 memphisgrizzlies 98 away
dallasmavericks 111 miamiheat 96 away
milwaukeebucks 110 atlantahawks 107 home
brooklynnets 85 philadelphiaSSers 83 away
chicagobulls 122 phoenixsuns 111 away
portlandtrailblazers 122 utahjazz 108 home
sanantoniospurs 106 neworleanspelicans 93 home
washingtonwizards 106 losangelesclippers 94 home
bostonceltics 109 minnesotatimberwolves 101 home
clevelandcavaliers 90 detroitpistons 80 away
sacramentokings 122 oklahomacitythunder 118 home
orlandomagic 113 torontoraptors 90 away
sanantoniospurs 110 goldenstatewarriors 105 away
miamiheat 119 losangelesclippers 95 home
portlandtrailblazers 97 neworleanspelicans 89 away
losangeleslakers 126 newyorkknicks 117 away
dallasmavericks 105 orlandomagic 95 away
phoenixsuns 129 sacramentokings 81 home
utahjazz 105 charlottehornets 86 home
memphisgrizzlies 113 washingtonwizards 97 away
clevelandcavaliers 101 torontoraptors 83 home
denvernuggets 104 sanantoniospurs 96 home
houstonrockets 107 chicagobulls 100 home
minnesotatimberwolves 116 indianapacers 111 away
brooklynnets 99 milwaukeebucks 85 home
bostonceltics 100 philadelphiaSSers 99 away
dallasmavericks 104 portlandtrailblazers 99 home
detroitpistons 93 miamiheat 90 home
goldenstatewarriors 124 phoenixsuns 112 home
memphisgrizzlies 104 houstonrockets 93 home
atlantahawks 94 minnesotatimberwolves 86 away
chicagobulls 107 neworleanspelicans 93 away
clevelandcavaliers 107 newyorkknicks 102 away
denvernuggets 114 oklahomacitythunder 113 away
orlandomagic 125 losangelesclippers 96 home
losangeleslakers 115 torontoraptors 107 away
brooklynnets 115 washingtonwizards 88 away
losangeleslakers 110 bostonceltics 109 away
philadelphiaSSers 99 indianapacers 94 home
utahjazz 115 dallasmavericks 87 home
atlantahawks 102 charlottehornets 97 away
indianapacers 107 orlandomagic 102 home
losangelesclippers 126 memphisgrizzlies 105 away
neworleanspelicans 101 torontoraptors 92 home
bostonceltics 110 newyorkknicks 100 away
oklahomacitythunder 102 portlandtrailblazers 93 home
phoenixsuns 115 goldenstatewarriors 105 home
utahjazz 111 sacramentokings 107 away
denvernuggets 124 washingtonwizards 103 away
losangelesclippers 121 atlantahawks 97 away
dallasmavericks 115 chicagobulls 114 home
houstonrockets 107 minnesotatimberwolves 90 home
memphisgrizzlies 78 torontoraptors 70 home
detroitpistons 126 milwaukeebucks 121 away
brooklynnets 114 denvernuggets 70 home
philadelphiaSSers 94 miamiheat 84 home
sanantoniospurs 105 bostonceltics 99 away
losangeleslakers 101 clevelandcavaliers 91 away
phoenixsuns 107 detroitpistons 97 away
goldenstatewarriors 116 utahjazz 96 home
miamiheat 96 charlottehornets 92 home
neworleanspelicans 101 minnesotatimberwolves 97 home
oklahomacitythunder 116 sacramentokings 113 home
orlandomagic 101 brooklynnets 84 home
portlandtrailblazers 109 newyorkknicks 108 home
washingtonwizards 119 indianapacers 117 home
charlottehornets 94 losangelesclippers 73 home
memphisgrizzlies 85 neworleanspelicans 80 home
milwaukeebucks 124 houstonrockets 112 home
philadelphiaSSers 108 phoenixsuns 91 home
atlantahawks 111 washingtonwizards 90 home
chicagobulls 107 detroitpistons 102 home
dallasmavericks 118 sacramentokings 100 home
goldenstatewarriors 144 newyorkknicks 127 home
indianapacers 96 clevelandcavaliers 95 home
losangeleslakers 105 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
denvernuggets 99 miamiheat 82 away
torontoraptors 110 minnesotatimberwolves 102 away
sanantoniospurs 108 brooklynnets 93 away
charlottehornets 101 washingtonwizards 89 home
clevelandcavaliers 109 phoenixsuns 92 home
atlantahawks 99 detroitpistons 95 away
houstonrockets 94 sacramentokings 82 home
losangelesclippers 128 newyorkknicks 124 home
milwaukeebucks 122 indianapacers 110 home
bostonceltics 89 neworleanspelicans 77 away
denvernuggets 82 orlandomagic 73 away
philadelphiaSSers 91 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
portlandtrailblazers 106 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
torontoraptors 91 sanantoniospurs 89 home
utahjazz 113 losangeleslakers 109 home
miamiheat 95 chicagobulls 93 away
bostonceltics 99 dallasmavericks 92 away
goldenstatewarriors 105 portlandtrailblazers 98 home
milwaukeebucks 92 detroitpistons 86 away
houstonrockets 114 brooklynnets 88 home
indianapacers 100 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
losangeleslakers 96 atlantahawks 83 home
newyorkknicks 112 sanantoniospurs 107 home
neworleanspelicans 100 oklahomacitythunder 98 away
orlandomagic 107 charlottehornets 102 home
phoenixsuns 140 losangelesclippers 100 home
utahjazz 117 memphisgrizzlies 99 home
washingtonwizards 111 minnesotatimberwolves 103 home
charlottehornets 103 indianapacers 94 home
dallasmavericks 113 brooklynnets 98 home
losangeleslakers 129 goldenstatewarriors 121 away
phoenixsuns 142 losangelesclippers 119 away
minnesotatimberwolves 111 miamiheat 104 away
chicagobulls 113 milwaukeebucks 104 away
neworleanspelicans 117 orlandomagic 85 home
denvernuggets 101 philadelphiaSSers 89 away
portlandtrailblazers 94 memphisgrizzlies 90 home
atlantahawks 105 sacramentokings 100 away
clevelandcavaliers 93 torontoraptors 76 away
sanantoniospurs 83 detroitpistons 79 away
utahjazz 90 bostonceltics 85 home
orlandomagic 92 charlottehornets 80 away
chicagobulls 116 denvernuggets 99 home
houstonrockets 93 dallasmavericks 86 home
losangeleslakers 115 neworleanspelicans 111 home
sacramentokings 115 memphisgrizzlies 106 away
clevelandcavaliers 111 milwaukeebucks 103 away
indianapacers 112 minnesotatimberwolves 105 away
washingtonwizards 107 brooklynnets 96 away
newyorkknicks 127 torontoraptors 97 home
phoenixsuns 140 oklahomacitythunder 118 home
portlandtrailblazers 108 atlantahawks 98 home
dallasmavericks 116 sacramentokings 95 home
goldenstatewarriors 133 oklahomacitythunder 120 home
miamiheat 97 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
utahjazz 102 neworleanspelicans 88 home
sanantoniospurs 98 washingtonwizards 67 away
clevelandcavaliers 99 detroitpistons 78 home
houstonrockets 99 charlottehornets 78 home
indianapacers 98 chicagobulls 91 home
milwaukeebucks 120 denvernuggets 117 home
losangeleslakers 111 minnesotatimberwolves 108 away
orlandomagic 122 miamiheat 99 home
bostonceltics 128 phoenixsuns 108 away
portlandtrailblazers 116 losangelesclippers 87 home
torontoraptors 111 newyorkknicks 100 home
bostonceltics 114 denvernuggets 76 away
losangelesclippers 118 goldenstatewarriors 105 home
brooklynnets 98 philadelphiaSSers 96 home
newyorkknicks 123 indianapacers 119 home
neworleanspelicans 112 sacramentokings 105 away
utahjazz 108 atlantahawks 89 home
chicagobulls 120 orlandomagic 102 home
clevelandcavaliers 94 memphisgrizzlies 79 home
houstonrockets 98 portlandtrailblazers 94 home
miamiheat 103 detroitpistons 91 home
losangeleslakers 107 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
phoenixsuns 112 charlottehornets 102 home
sanantoniospurs 93 dallasmavericks 76 home
torontoraptors 118 minnesotatimberwolves 110 home
dallasmavericks 116 milwaukeebucks 96 home
denvernuggets 110 atlantahawks 109 home
indianapacers 104 memphisgrizzlies 99 home
losangelesclippers 93 bostonceltics 91 home
utahjazz 120 minnesotatimberwolves 103 away
brooklynnets 111 chicagobulls 99 home
neworleanspelicans 90 detroitpistons 87 home
orlandomagic 114 newyorkknicks 109 away
charlottehornets 98 sacramentokings 91 away
sanantoniospurs 99 portlandtrailblazers 84 home
philadelphiaSSers 106 washingtonwizards 98 away
houstonrockets 93 clevelandcavaliers 74 home
losangeleslakers 132 phoenixsuns 106 home
atlantahawks 91 miamiheat 83 home
bostonceltics 104 indianapacers 99 home
dallasmavericks 110 oklahomacitythunder 108 home
denvernuggets 90 losangeleslakers 79 home
charlottehornets 112 goldenstatewarriors 109 away
portlandtrailblazers 102 minnesotatimberwolves 82 away
neworleanspelicans 95 milwaukeebucks 94 home
philadelphiaSSers 108 newyorkknicks 103 away
detroitpistons 93 orlandomagic 85 away
phoenixsuns 133 torontoraptors 113 home
sacramentokings 98 losangelesclippers 86 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 sanantoniospurs 86 away
washingtonwizards 113 chicagobulls 90 home
chicagobulls 105 houstonrockets 102 home
charlottehornets 100 losangelesclippers 95 away
oklahomacitythunder 99 memphisgrizzlies 92 away
miamiheat 120 newyorkknicks 115 home
milwaukeebucks 109 washingtonwizards 93 home
orlandomagic 106 philadelphiaSSers 100 away
utahjazz 102 sacramentokings 89 home
clevelandcavaliers 88 atlantahawks 87 away
detroitpistons 105 bostonceltics 95 away
dallasmavericks 109 torontoraptors 98 home
utahjazz 112 goldenstatewarriors 104 away
indianapacers 100 denvernuggets 94 home
houstonrockets 105 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
neworleanspelicans 99 brooklynnets 96 away
phoenixsuns 118 losangeleslakers 111 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 sanantoniospurs 84 home
sanantoniospurs 106 losangelesclippers 78 away
clevelandcavaliers 107 miamiheat 100 away
oklahomacitythunder 96 dallasmavericks 87 home
neworleanspelicans 98 philadelphiaSSers 91 away
atlantahawks 98 washingtonwizards 89 away
charlottehornets 96 chicagobulls 80 home
detroitpistons 100 denvernuggets 95 home
houstonrockets 107 torontoraptors 97 home
losangeleslakers 99 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
brooklynnets 99 milwaukeebucks 95 away
goldenstatewarriors 118 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
orlandomagic 111 phoenixsuns 99 home
indianapacers 117 sacramentokings 109 away
chicagobulls 110 goldenstatewarriors 88 home
clevelandcavaliers 91 milwaukeebucks 73 home
dallasmavericks 107 sanantoniospurs 102 home
memphisgrizzlies 118 losangelesclippers 95 away
miamiheat 135 phoenixsuns 129 home
bostonceltics 115 brooklynnets 111 away
newyorkknicks 109 atlantahawks 105 home
oklahomacitythunder 88 washingtonwizards 83 home
portlandtrailblazers 107 indianapacers 105 home
utahjazz 101 houstonrockets 94 home
denvernuggets 106 portlandtrailblazers 90 home
neworleanspelicans 104 dallasmavericks 88 home
bostonceltics 105 clevelandcavaliers 94 home
charlottehornets 98 atlantahawks 91 home
chicagobulls 117 milwaukeebucks 102 home
detroitpistons 108 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
houstonrockets 116 phoenixsuns 112 home
losangeleslakers 110 minnesotatimberwolves 90 home
orlandomagic 105 brooklynnets 102 home
sanantoniospurs 100 washingtonwizards 78 home
miamiheat 108 torontoraptors 102 away
utahjazz 97 denvernuggets 91 home
atlantahawks 87 detroitpistons 83 home
clevelandcavaliers 99 miamiheat 89 home
dallasmavericks 119 washingtonwizards 103 home
indianapacers 106 losangelesclippers 105 away
philadelphiaSSers 110 memphisgrizzlies 105 away
milwaukeebucks 127 goldenstatewarriors 120 home
neworleanspelicans 108 oklahomacitythunder 90 home
charlottehornets 114 newyorkknicks 105 away
portlandtrailblazers 95 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
orlandomagic 86 bostonceltics 79 away
houstonrockets 93 memphisgrizzlies 83 home
brooklynnets 106 newyorkknicks 101 home
oklahomacitythunder 89 philadelphiaSSers 74 home
sacramentokings 114 denvernuggets 106 home
sanantoniospurs 103 phoenixsuns 98 home
utahjazz 109 torontoraptors 101 away
atlantahawks 89 neworleanspelicans 79 home
houstonrockets 97 denvernuggets 95 away
detroitpistons 98 orlandomagic 94 home
miamiheat 130 chicagobulls 127 home
washingtonwizards 110 minnesotatimberwolves 99 away
portlandtrailblazers 111 losangeleslakers 94 home
utahjazz 112 indianapacers 100 away
clevelandcavaliers 87 losangelesclippers 83 away
newyorkknicks 120 milwaukeebucks 112 away
dallasmavericks 122 phoenixsuns 117 away
oklahomacitythunder 99 sacramentokings 98 away
sanantoniospurs 100 charlottehornets 86 home
atlantahawks 100 utahjazz 93 home
denvernuggets 112 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
newyorkknicks 116 detroitpistons 111 away
goldenstatewarriors 116 brooklynnets 112 home
losangeleslakers 102 houstonrockets 96 away
miamiheat 107 bostonceltics 99 home
minnesotatimberwolves 104 memphisgrizzlies 79 home
orlandomagic 107 chicagobulls 79 home
philadelphiaSSers 115 torontoraptors 106 home
dallasmavericks 93 portlandtrailblazers 89 away
neworleanspelicans 109 washingtonwizards 98 away
clevelandcavaliers 119 phoenixsuns 111 away
losangeleslakers 102 sanantoniospurs 95 away
atlantahawks 101 indianapacers 87 home
bostonceltics 102 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
houstonrockets 91 charlottehornets 86 away
goldenstatewarriors 119 dallasmavericks 110 home
neworleanspelicans 95 milwaukeebucks 86 away
newyorkknicks 102 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
philadelphiaSSers 104 chicagobulls 101 home
portlandtrailblazers 109 brooklynnets 100 home
clevelandcavaliers 126 sacramentokings 123 away
detroitpistons 99 torontoraptors 95 away
orlandomagic 112 washingtonwizards 103 away
chicagobulls 97 neworleanspelicans 79 home
denvernuggets 107 losangelesclippers 94 home
sanantoniospurs 88 houstonrockets 85 away
miamiheat 140 utahjazz 129 home
minnesotatimberwolves 108 charlottehornets 100 home
phoenixsuns 106 oklahomacitythunder 95 home
atlantahawks 98 portlandtrailblazers 80 home
clevelandcavaliers 98 newyorkknicks 93 home
memphisgrizzlies 89 detroitpistons 84 away
phoenixsuns 154 goldenstatewarriors 130 away
losangelesclippers 107 brooklynnets 105 home
losangeleslakers 107 dallasmavericks 100 home
milwaukeebucks 86 bostonceltics 77 home
orlandomagic 105 utahjazz 87 home
philadelphiaSSers 85 miamiheat 77 home
torontoraptors 110 indianapacers 87 home
washingtonwizards 106 sacramentokings 104 home
charlottehornets 112 torontoraptors 86 home
denvernuggets 121 brooklynnets 96 home
portlandtrailblazers 103 memphisgrizzlies 92 away
houstonrockets 95 neworleanspelicans 84 away
oklahomacitythunder 78 sanantoniospurs 76 home
atlantahawks 119 sacramentokings 97 home
chicagobulls 127 bostonceltics 121 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 orlandomagic 93 home
dallasmavericks 103 detroitpistons 101 home
goldenstatewarriors 127 losangelesclippers 120 home
philadelphiaSSers 94 losangeleslakers 93 away
sanantoniospurs 93 minnesotatimberwolves 86 home
utahjazz 103 washingtonwizards 88 home
bostonceltics 112 miamiheat 108 home
charlottehornets 104 sacramentokings 88 home
houstonrockets 106 detroitpistons 101 home
portlandtrailblazers 95 indianapacers 85 away
losangelesclippers 123 washingtonwizards 108 home
denvernuggets 111 memphisgrizzlies 109 away
orlandomagic 106 milwaukeebucks 80 away
neworleanspelicans 94 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
brooklynnets 115 newyorkknicks 89 away
chicagobulls 103 oklahomacitythunder 96 away
phoenixsuns 126 philadelphiaSSers 116 home
atlantahawks 95 dallasmavericks 87 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 portlandtrailblazers 92 home
losangeleslakers 114 goldenstatewarriors 106 home
denvernuggets 116 washingtonwizards 105 home
detroitpistons 108 losangelesclippers 90 home
goldenstatewarriors 119 philadelphiaSSers 111 home
houstonrockets 107 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
dallasmavericks 94 indianapacers 92 away
brooklynnets 96 miamiheat 88 home
neworleanspelicans 96 memphisgrizzlies 84 home
sacramentokings 121 newyorkknicks 94 away
utahjazz 101 oklahomacitythunder 94 away
bostonceltics 80 sanantoniospurs 77 away
charlottehornets 102 torontoraptors 89 away
indianapacers 108 charlottehornets 83 away
losangeleslakers 117 chicagobulls 109 away
clevelandcavaliers 102 atlantahawks 96 home
bostonceltics 105 memphisgrizzlies 87 away
portlandtrailblazers 96 milwaukeebucks 84 away
orlandomagic 110 newyorkknicks 103 home
phoenixsuns 128 washingtonwizards 96 home
miamiheat 101 detroitpistons 96 away
oklahomacitythunder 97 minnesotatimberwolves 90 away
clevelandcavaliers 96 brooklynnets 88 away
neworleanspelicans 99 goldenstatewarriors 89 home
philadelphiaSSers 112 sacramentokings 100 away
houstonrockets 87 sanantoniospurs 85 away
torontoraptors 100 losangelesclippers 76 home
atlantahawks 109 minnesotatimberwolves 97 home
bostonceltics 90 losangelesclippers 77 home
miamiheat 94 memphisgrizzlies 82 home
orlandomagic 106 newyorkknicks 102 away
phoenixsuns 118 denvernuggets 115 home
philadelphiaSSers 114 portlandtrailblazers 108 away
chicagobulls 101 washingtonwizards 99 away
chicagobulls 99 detroitpistons 91 home
losangeleslakers 107 oklahomacitythunder 89 away
sanantoniospurs 107 goldenstatewarriors 106 home
utahjazz 99 houstonrockets 86 home
sanantoniospurs 102 atlantahawks 92 away
clevelandcavaliers 98 brooklynnets 87 home
dallasmavericks 128 goldenstatewarriors 106 home
indianapacers 90 miamiheat 88 home
denvernuggets 101 neworleanspelicans 88 away
losangelesclippers 140 newyorkknicks 135 away
orlandomagic 84 bostonceltics 82 home
philadelphiaSSers 96 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
phoenixsuns 118 utahjazz 114 home
torontoraptors 115 milwaukeebucks 106 home
washingtonwizards 95 charlottehornets 93 home
chicagobulls 106 miamiheat 87 home
losangeleslakers 92 detroitpistons 77 away
portlandtrailblazers 129 phoenixsuns 109 home
bostonceltics 99 atlantahawks 93 away
clevelandcavaliers 107 minnesotatimberwolves 85 home
denvernuggets 103 dallasmavericks 101 away
losangeleslakers 103 brooklynnets 95 away
newyorkknicks 103 neworleanspelicans 93 home
orlandomagic 110 milwaukeebucks 94 home
charlottehornets 100 philadelphiaSSers 95 away
memphisgrizzlies 113 sacramentokings 95 away
sanantoniospurs 111 losangelesclippers 98 home
torontoraptors 112 oklahomacitythunder 96 home
charlottehornets 96 newyorkknicks 85 home
chicagobulls 112 indianapacers 106 home
denvernuggets 129 goldenstatewarriors 116 home
houstonrockets 110 losangelesclippers 93 home
miamiheat 102 milwaukeebucks 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 86 memphisgrizzlies 66 home
utahjazz 104 phoenixsuns 99 home
detroitpistons 98 washingtonwizards 96 away
atlantahawks 86 losangeleslakers 76 home
bostonceltics 103 oklahomacitythunder 84 home
clevelandcavaliers 102 dallasmavericks 74 home
detroitpistons 101 philadelphiaSSers 97 home
indianapacers 124 washingtonwizards 115 home
minnesotatimberwolves 108 brooklynnets 99 home
neworleanspelicans 90 sanantoniospurs 86 home
sacramentokings 126 phoenixsuns 118 home
torontoraptors 134 chicagobulls 129 home
memphisgrizzlies 114 goldenstatewarriors 109 away
orlandomagic 101 miamiheat 95 away
milwaukeebucks 107 brooklynnets 78 away
utahjazz 112 newyorkknicks 104 home
charlottehornets 94 losangeleslakers 84 home
clevelandcavaliers 79 detroitpistons 73 home
denvernuggets 111 newyorkknicks 104 home
indianapacers 107 chicagobulls 105 home
dallasmavericks 108 minnesotatimberwolves 88 away
philadelphiaSSers 98 atlantahawks 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 125 utahjazz 104 home
neworleanspelicans 111 sacramentokings 110 away
oklahomacitythunder 96 sanantoniospurs 95 away
bostonceltics 111 charlottehornets 109 home
dallasmavericks 98 miamiheat 96 home
goldenstatewarriors 143 sacramentokings 141 home
neworleanspelicans 104 losangelesclippers 98 away
memphisgrizzlies 112 washingtonwizards 107 home
losangeleslakers 104 milwaukeebucks 98 away
brooklynnets 111 detroitpistons 98 home
torontoraptors 99 orlandomagic 95 away
phoenixsuns 114 houstonrockets 109 home
denvernuggets 114 utahjazz 104 home
philadelphiaSSers 105 milwaukeebucks 95 home
washingtonwizards 109 clevelandcavaliers 101 home
bostonceltics 104 atlantahawks 92 home
miamiheat 97 charlottehornets 92 away
goldenstatewarriors 111 neworleanspelicans 103 home
sanantoniospurs 126 indianapacers 121 away
losangeleslakers 93 houstonrockets 81 home
memphisgrizzlies 107 dallasmavericks 102 home
portlandtrailblazers 107 oklahomacitythunder 72 away
orlandomagic 116 clevelandcavaliers 87 home
phoenixsuns 139 sacramentokings 111 home
minnesotatimberwolves 103 utahjazz 102 away
orlandomagic 88 atlantahawks 82 away
chicagobulls 103 brooklynnets 94 home
denvernuggets 120 losangelesclippers 104 home
memphisgrizzlies 107 milwaukeebucks 102 away
torontoraptors 102 newyorkknicks 95 away
philadelphiaSSers 95 detroitpistons 90 home
miamiheat 118 washingtonwizards 104 away
brooklynnets 96 philadelphiaSSers 67 home
utahjazz 108 neworleanspelicans 94 away
indianapacers 117 oklahomacitythunder 99 away
goldenstatewarriors 105 sacramentokings 100 away
newyorkknicks 112 torontoraptors 103 away
clevelandcavaliers 101 sanantoniospurs 81 home
dallasmavericks 140 phoenixsuns 116 home
detroitpistons 104 charlottehornets 97 home
houstonrockets 102 portlandtrailblazers 88 home
losangeleslakers 88 losangelesclippers 85 home
denvernuggets 110 minnesotatimberwolves 87 away
charlottehornets 101 philadelphiaSSers 98 home
chicagobulls 110 newyorkknicks 103 home
houstonrockets 93 orlandomagic 83 home
minnesotatimberwolves 87 losangelesclippers 77 away
portlandtrailblazers 96 memphisgrizzlies 93 away
neworleanspelicans 93 miamiheat 87 away
sanantoniospurs 99 oklahomacitythunder 89 away
losangeleslakers 122 sacramentokings 104 away
atlantahawks 118 torontoraptors 110 away
bostonceltics 106 brooklynnets 104 home
clevelandcavaliers 98 washingtonwizards 86 home
dallasmavericks 130 utahjazz 101 home
denvernuggets 122 oklahomacitythunder 112 home
minnesotatimberwolves 105 goldenstatewarriors 97 away
indianapacers 130 torontoraptors 101 home
atlantahawks 113 milwaukeebucks 105 away
phoenixsuns 105 neworleanspelicans 100 away
detroitpistons 113 newyorkknicks 86 away
orlandomagic 81 memphisgrizzlies 78 home
portlandtrailblazers 95 sanantoniospurs 83 away
chicagobulls 113 philadelphiaSSers 99 home
losangeleslakers 116 denvernuggets 102 home
houstonrockets 115 sacramentokings 98 away
atlantahawks 122 indianapacers 118 home
bostonceltics 105 miamiheat 98 home
dallasmavericks 100 neworleanspelicans 92 home
detroitpistons 100 brooklynnets 93 home
houstonrockets 113 goldenstatewarriors 109 away
losangelesclippers 109 sacramentokings 78 home
memphisgrizzlies 106 phoenixsuns 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 84 charlottehornets 81 home
newyorkknicks 105 orlandomagic 95 away
clevelandcavaliers 102 philadelphiaSSers 92 away
portlandtrailblazers 106 losangeleslakers 98 home
sanantoniospurs 105 utahjazz 99 home
washingtonwizards 100 torontoraptors 98 away
chicagobulls 113 charlottehornets 106 home
indianapacers 106 detroitpistons 102 home
portlandtrailblazers 87 losangelesclippers 72 away
milwaukeebucks 115 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
phoenixsuns 110 minnesotatimberwolves 97 away
brooklynnets 103 orlandomagic 93 home
goldenstatewarriors 118 utahjazz 108 away
clevelandcavaliers 107 bostonceltics 76 home
losangeleslakers 92 memphisgrizzlies 75 home
miamiheat 122 newyorkknicks 105 home
neworleanspelicans 102 dallasmavericks 92 home
sanantoniospurs 95 sacramentokings 92 away
torontoraptors 111 philadelphiaSSers 104 home
dallasmavericks 96 minnesotatimberwolves 94 home
denvernuggets 118 sacramentokings 98 home
chicagobulls 91 detroitpistons 88 away
sanantoniospurs 101 goldenstatewarriors 72 away
houstonrockets 86 neworleanspelicans 66 home
clevelandcavaliers 117 indianapacers 109 away
milwaukeebucks 98 orlandomagic 80 home
brooklynnets 91 charlottehornets 87 home
phoenixsuns 119 memphisgrizzlies 110 home
portlandtrailblazers 113 oklahomacitythunder 83 home
utahjazz 106 losangelesclippers 85 home
torontoraptors 97 washingtonwizards 96 away
atlantahawks 81 miamiheat 79 home
losangeleslakers 125 utahjazz 112 home
bostonceltics 100 philadelphiaSSers 98 away
bostonceltics 115 washingtonwizards 107 home
torontoraptors 109 chicagobulls 98 away
philadelphiaSSers 111 clevelandcavaliers 110 away
dallasmavericks 95 houstonrockets 84 home
indianapacers 115 milwaukeebucks 108 home
oklahomacitythunder 126 losangelesclippers 85 away
memphisgrizzlies 98 atlantahawks 90 home
miamiheat 102 detroitpistons 96 home
sacramentokings 97 minnesotatimberwolves 90 away
newyorkknicks 102 brooklynnets 73 home
orlandomagic 98 charlottehornets 73 home
phoenixsuns 117 goldenstatewarriors 113 home
portlandtrailblazers 104 denvernuggets 76 home
sanantoniospurs 105 neworleanspelicans 98 home
playoffs
chicagobulls 105 bostonceltics 103 away
clevelandcavaliers 102 detroitpistons 84 home
houstonrockets 108 portlandtrailblazers 81 away
dallasmavericks 105 sanantoniospurs 97 away
atlantahawks 90 miamiheat 64 home
denvernuggets 113 neworleanspelicans 84 home
losangeleslakers 113 utahjazz 100 home
philadelphiaSSers 100 orlandomagic 98 away
bostonceltics 118 chicagobulls 115 home
sanantoniospurs 105 dallasmavericks 84 home
clevelandcavaliers 94 detroitpistons 82 home
losangeleslakers 119 utahjazz 109 home
portlandtrailblazers 107 houstonrockets 103 home
miamiheat 108 atlantahawks 93 away
denvernuggets 108 neworleanspelicans 93 home
orlandomagic 96 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
bostonceltics 107 chicagobulls 86 away
dallasmavericks 88 sanantoniospurs 67 home
utahjazz 88 losangeleslakers 86 home
clevelandcavaliers 79 detroitpistons 68 away
houstonrockets 86 portlandtrailblazers 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 96 orlandomagic 94 home
dallasmavericks 99 sanantoniospurs 90 home
miamiheat 107 atlantahawks 78 home
neworleanspelicans 95 denvernuggets 93 home
losangeleslakers 108 utahjazz 94 away
chicagobulls 121 bostonceltics 118 home
clevelandcavaliers 99 detroitpistons 78 away
houstonrockets 89 portlandtrailblazers 88 home
orlandomagic 84 philadelphiaSSers 81 away
losangeleslakers 107 utahjazz 96 home
atlantahawks 81 miamiheat 71 away
denvernuggets 121 neworleanspelicans 63 away
bostonceltics 106 chicagobulls 104 home
orlandomagic 91 philadelphiaSSers 78 home
portlandtrailblazers 88 houstonrockets 77 home
dallasmavericks 106 sanantoniospurs 93 away
atlantahawks 106 miamiheat 91 home
denvernuggets 107 neworleanspelicans 86 home
chicagobulls 128 bostonceltics 127 home
houstonrockets 92 portlandtrailblazers 76 home
orlandomagic 114 philadelphiaSSers 89 away
miamiheat 98 atlantahawks 72 home
bostonceltics 109 chicagobulls 99 home
atlantahawks 91 miamiheat 78 home
denvernuggets 109 dallasmavericks 95 home
orlandomagic 95 bostonceltics 90 away
houstonrockets 100 losangeleslakers 92 away
clevelandcavaliers 99 atlantahawks 72 home
denvernuggets 117 dallasmavericks 105 home
bostonceltics 112 orlandomagic 94 home
losangeleslakers 111 houstonrockets 98 home
clevelandcavaliers 105 atlantahawks 85 home
losangeleslakers 108 houstonrockets 94 away
orlandomagic 117 bostonceltics 96 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 atlantahawks 82 away
denvernuggets 106 dallasmavericks 105 away
houstonrockets 99 losangeleslakers 87 home
bostonceltics 95 orlandomagic 94 away
clevelandcavaliers 84 atlantahawks 74 away
dallasmavericks 119 denvernuggets 117 home
bostonceltics 92 orlandomagic 88 home
losangeleslakers 118 houstonrockets 78 home
denvernuggets 124 dallasmavericks 110 home
houstonrockets 95 losangeleslakers 80 home
orlandomagic 83 bostonceltics 75 home
orlandomagic 101 bostonceltics 82 away
losangeleslakers 89 houstonrockets 70 home
losangeleslakers 105 denvernuggets 103 home
orlandomagic 107 clevelandcavaliers 106 away
denvernuggets 106 losangeleslakers 103 away
clevelandcavaliers 96 orlandomagic 95 home
losangeleslakers 103 denvernuggets 97 away
orlandomagic 99 clevelandcavaliers 89 home
denvernuggets 120 losangeleslakers 101 home
orlandomagic 116 clevelandcavaliers 114 home
losangeleslakers 103 denvernuggets 94 home
clevelandcavaliers 112 orlandomagic 102 home
losangeleslakers 119 denvernuggets 92 away
orlandomagic 103 clevelandcavaliers 90 home
losangeleslakers 100 orlandomagic 75 home
losangeleslakers 101 orlandomagic 96 home
orlandomagic 108 losangeleslakers 104 home
losangeleslakers 99 orlandomagic 91 away
losangeleslakers 99 orlandomagic 86 away
