bostonceltics 95 clevelandcavaliers 89 away
washingtonwizards 102 dallasmavericks 91 away
losangeleslakers 99 losangelesclippers 92 home
portlandtrailblazers 96 houstonrockets 87 home
atlantahawks 120 indianapacers 109 home
bostonceltics 92 charlottehornets 59 home
denvernuggets 114 utahjazz 105 home
houstonrockets 108 goldenstatewarriors 107 away
phoenixsuns 109 losangelesclippers 107 away
detroitpistons 96 memphisgrizzlies 74 away
miamiheat 115 newyorkknicks 93 home
minnesotatimberwolves 95 brooklynnets 93 home
oklahomacitythunder 102 sacramentokings 89 home
orlandomagic 120 philadelphiaSSers 106 home
sanantoniospurs 113 neworleanspelicans 96 home
torontoraptors 101 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
chicagobulls 92 sanantoniospurs 85 home
denvernuggets 97 portlandtrailblazers 94 away
atlantahawks 100 washingtonwizards 89 home
bostonceltics 118 chicagobulls 90 home
charlottehornets 102 newyorkknicks 100 home
oklahomacitythunder 91 detroitpistons 83 away
miamiheat 96 indianapacers 83 away
dallasmavericks 94 losangeleslakers 80 away
memphisgrizzlies 115 torontoraptors 107 home
clevelandcavaliers 104 minnesotatimberwolves 87 away
orlandomagic 95 brooklynnets 85 away
neworleanspelicans 97 sacramentokings 92 home
philadelphiaSSers 99 milwaukeebucks 86 home
phoenixsuns 123 goldenstatewarriors 101 home
utahjazz 111 losangelesclippers 98 home
clevelandcavaliers 90 charlottehornets 79 home
houstonrockets 111 portlandtrailblazers 107 home
dallasmavericks 93 losangelesclippers 84 away
milwaukeebucks 96 detroitpistons 85 home
philadelphiaSSers 141 newyorkknicks 127 away
sanantoniospurs 113 sacramentokings 94 home
washingtonwizards 123 brooklynnets 104 home
bostonceltics 97 neworleanspelicans 87 home
denvernuggets 133 memphisgrizzlies 123 home
losangeleslakers 118 atlantahawks 110 home
miamiheat 95 chicagobulls 87 home
portlandtrailblazers 83 oklahomacitythunder 74 away
phoenixsuns 120 minnesotatimberwolves 112 home
orlandomagic 125 torontoraptors 116 away
charlottehornets 79 brooklynnets 68 home
losangelesclippers 93 minnesotatimberwolves 90 home
newyorkknicks 117 neworleanspelicans 111 home
sacramentokings 127 memphisgrizzlies 116 home
houstonrockets 113 utahjazz 96 away
chicagobulls 83 milwaukeebucks 81 home
clevelandcavaliers 102 washingtonwizards 90 home
dallasmavericks 96 utahjazz 85 home
detroitpistons 85 orlandomagic 80 home
denvernuggets 111 indianapacers 93 away
phoenixsuns 104 miamiheat 96 away
losangeleslakers 101 oklahomacitythunder 98 away
bostonceltics 105 philadelphiaSSers 74 away
atlantahawks 97 portlandtrailblazers 91 away
goldenstatewarriors 113 memphisgrizzlies 105 home
losangeleslakers 103 houstonrockets 102 away
bostonceltics 92 minnesotatimberwolves 90 away
denvernuggets 122 brooklynnets 94 away
neworleanspelicans 114 dallasmavericks 107 home
indianapacers 101 newyorkknicks 89 away
orlandomagic 122 phoenixsuns 100 home
atlantahawks 113 sacramentokings 105 away
torontoraptors 110 detroitpistons 99 home
miamiheat 93 washingtonwizards 89 away
chicagobulls 86 clevelandcavaliers 85 away
utahjazz 113 sanantoniospurs 99 home
phoenixsuns 110 bostonceltics 103 away
charlottehornets 103 atlantahawks 83 home
losangelesclippers 118 goldenstatewarriors 90 away
houstonrockets 105 oklahomacitythunder 94 home
indianapacers 102 washingtonwizards 86 home
losangeleslakers 114 memphisgrizzlies 98 home
miamiheat 96 denvernuggets 88 home
milwaukeebucks 87 minnesotatimberwolves 72 away
torontoraptors 107 neworleanspelicans 90 away
clevelandcavaliers 100 newyorkknicks 91 away
orlandomagic 110 detroitpistons 103 home
philadelphiaSSers 97 brooklynnets 94 home
portlandtrailblazers 96 sanantoniospurs 84 home
milwaukeebucks 102 newyorkknicks 87 home
bostonceltics 86 brooklynnets 76 away
sacramentokings 104 utahjazz 99 away
atlantahawks 125 denvernuggets 100 home
chicagobulls 93 charlottehornets 90 home
dallasmavericks 129 torontoraptors 101 home
losangelesclippers 113 memphisgrizzlies 110 home
detroitpistons 88 philadelphiaSSers 81 home
losangeleslakers 104 neworleanspelicans 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 102 orlandomagic 74 home
portlandtrailblazers 116 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
sacramentokings 120 goldenstatewarriors 107 home
phoenixsuns 102 washingtonwizards 90 away
goldenstatewarriors 146 minnesotatimberwolves 105 home
neworleanspelicans 112 losangelesclippers 84 away
utahjazz 95 newyorkknicks 93 away
phoenixsuns 119 philadelphiaSSers 115 away
sanantoniospurs 131 torontoraptors 124 home
orlandomagic 93 charlottehornets 81 away
denvernuggets 90 chicagobulls 89 away
dallasmavericks 121 houstonrockets 103 home
portlandtrailblazers 93 memphisgrizzlies 79 away
miamiheat 90 washingtonwizards 76 home
sacramentokings 101 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
bostonceltics 105 utahjazz 86 home
detroitpistons 98 charlottehornets 75 home
houstonrockets 104 memphisgrizzlies 79 home
indianapacers 108 goldenstatewarriors 94 home
oklahomacitythunder 83 losangelesclippers 79 away
milwaukeebucks 108 denvernuggets 102 home
portlandtrailblazers 107 minnesotatimberwolves 84 away
philadelphiaSSers 82 brooklynnets 79 away
atlantahawks 114 newyorkknicks 101 away
clevelandcavaliers 102 orlandomagic 93 away
phoenixsuns 124 neworleanspelicans 104 home
sanantoniospurs 92 dallasmavericks 83 home
torontoraptors 99 chicagobulls 89 home
losangeleslakers 121 phoenixsuns 102 home
clevelandcavaliers 111 miamiheat 104 away
atlantahawks 97 bostonceltics 86 away
denvernuggets 105 losangeleslakers 79 home
torontoraptors 104 losangelesclippers 89 away
dallasmavericks 89 minnesotatimberwolves 77 away
portlandtrailblazers 86 neworleanspelicans 78 away
goldenstatewarriors 121 newyorkknicks 107 away
orlandomagic 88 brooklynnets 72 home
utahjazz 112 philadelphiaSSers 90 away
sacramentokings 109 houstonrockets 100 home
atlantahawks 121 neworleanspelicans 98 home
portlandtrailblazers 80 charlottehornets 74 away
chicagobulls 94 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
clevelandcavaliers 107 utahjazz 103 home
indianapacers 113 bostonceltics 104 home
memphisgrizzlies 97 minnesotatimberwolves 87 home
miamiheat 81 brooklynnets 80 home
milwaukeebucks 129 goldenstatewarriors 125 home
oklahomacitythunder 101 sanantoniospurs 98 away
detroitpistons 106 washingtonwizards 103 away
dallasmavericks 95 detroitpistons 90 away
houstonrockets 101 losangeleslakers 91 away
losangelesclippers 101 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
phoenixsuns 101 torontoraptors 100 home
atlantahawks 99 portlandtrailblazers 95 home
dallasmavericks 115 milwaukeebucks 113 away
orlandomagic 97 charlottehornets 91 home
clevelandcavaliers 114 goldenstatewarriors 108 home
denvernuggets 130 torontoraptors 112 home
phoenixsuns 111 houstonrockets 105 away
losangeleslakers 106 detroitpistons 93 home
oklahomacitythunder 100 miamiheat 87 away
indianapacers 91 brooklynnets 83 away
neworleanspelicans 110 losangelesclippers 102 home
chicagobulls 101 sacramentokings 87 away
atlantahawks 105 miamiheat 90 home
bostonceltics 109 goldenstatewarriors 95 home
dallasmavericks 99 sanantoniospurs 94 home
newyorkknicks 110 indianapacers 103 away
memphisgrizzlies 106 losangelesclippers 91 home
milwaukeebucks 99 brooklynnets 85 home
houstonrockets 97 minnesotatimberwolves 84 away
orlandomagic 108 oklahomacitythunder 94 home
philadelphiaSSers 86 charlottehornets 84 home
portlandtrailblazers 87 detroitpistons 81 home
utahjazz 104 torontoraptors 91 home
washingtonwizards 108 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
losangeleslakers 108 chicagobulls 93 home
neworleanspelicans 110 phoenixsuns 103 home
utahjazz 90 sanantoniospurs 83 away
atlantahawks 105 houstonrockets 103 home
orlandomagic 83 bostonceltics 78 away
dallasmavericks 104 sacramentokings 102 home
goldenstatewarriors 108 portlandtrailblazers 94 home
clevelandcavaliers 105 indianapacers 95 away
losangelesclippers 106 denvernuggets 99 home
milwaukeebucks 95 charlottehornets 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 127 washingtonwizards 108 home
memphisgrizzlies 102 philadelphiaSSers 97 away
torontoraptors 120 miamiheat 113 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
denvernuggets 112 chicagobulls 93 home
houstonrockets 113 sacramentokings 106 home
milwaukeebucks 103 memphisgrizzlies 98 away
newyorkknicks 98 brooklynnets 91 away
neworleanspelicans 96 atlantahawks 88 home
portlandtrailblazers 106 minnesotatimberwolves 78 home
sanantoniospurs 106 washingtonwizards 84 home
utahjazz 100 detroitpistons 97 home
charlottehornets 104 indianapacers 88 home
losangeleslakers 101 oklahomacitythunder 85 home
miamiheat 102 neworleanspelicans 101 home
bostonceltics 107 newyorkknicks 105 away
phoenixsuns 117 detroitpistons 91 home
orlandomagic 104 torontoraptors 96 away
losangelesclippers 91 minnesotatimberwolves 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 116 sacramentokings 105 home
portlandtrailblazers 122 chicagobulls 98 home
sanantoniospurs 112 milwaukeebucks 98 home
goldenstatewarriors 111 dallasmavericks 103 away
denvernuggets 101 brooklynnets 87 home
losangeleslakers 100 newyorkknicks 90 home
torontoraptors 123 indianapacers 112 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 utahjazz 94 away
washingtonwizards 108 philadelphiaSSers 107 home
bostonceltics 113 philadelphiaSSers 110 home
charlottehornets 116 torontoraptors 81 home
clevelandcavaliers 98 detroitpistons 88 away
dallasmavericks 130 houstonrockets 99 away
indianapacers 86 losangelesclippers 73 home
denvernuggets 124 minnesotatimberwolves 111 away
neworleanspelicans 102 milwaukeebucks 99 home
miamiheat 99 orlandomagic 98 away
phoenixsuns 126 memphisgrizzlies 111 home
portlandtrailblazers 93 brooklynnets 83 home
sacramentokings 111 newyorkknicks 97 home
sanantoniospurs 118 goldenstatewarriors 104 home
orlandomagic 93 atlantahawks 76 away
utahjazz 105 chicagobulls 86 home
bostonceltics 116 torontoraptors 103 home
charlottehornets 94 clevelandcavaliers 87 home
denvernuggets 128 newyorkknicks 125 home
losangelesclippers 104 detroitpistons 96 away
sanantoniospurs 92 houstonrockets 84 away
dallasmavericks 113 indianapacers 92 away
washingtonwizards 94 miamiheat 84 away
phoenixsuns 120 minnesotatimberwolves 95 away
oklahomacitythunder 108 milwaukeebucks 90 home
atlantahawks 100 philadelphiaSSers 86 away
memphisgrizzlies 106 portlandtrailblazers 96 away
sacramentokings 109 brooklynnets 96 home
clevelandcavaliers 111 dallasmavericks 95 home
losangeleslakers 130 goldenstatewarriors 97 away
orlandomagic 100 milwaukeebucks 98 away
utahjazz 108 portlandtrailblazers 92 home
charlottehornets 92 washingtonwizards 76 away
minnesotatimberwolves 106 denvernuggets 100 away
detroitpistons 94 atlantahawks 88 home
losangelesclippers 98 memphisgrizzlies 88 home
losangeleslakers 106 brooklynnets 87 home
bostonceltics 92 miamiheat 85 away
orlandomagic 114 newyorkknicks 102 away
houstonrockets 100 oklahomacitythunder 91 away
sacramentokings 112 neworleanspelicans 96 home
sanantoniospurs 97 philadelphiaSSers 89 home
phoenixsuns 113 torontoraptors 94 away
dallasmavericks 104 philadelphiaSSers 102 home
goldenstatewarriors 126 indianapacers 107 home
milwaukeebucks 99 chicagobulls 97 home
utahjazz 120 memphisgrizzlies 93 home
bostonceltics 108 charlottehornets 90 away
denvernuggets 135 goldenstatewarriors 107 home
losangeleslakers 110 neworleanspelicans 99 home
newyorkknicks 126 phoenixsuns 99 home
miamiheat 107 portlandtrailblazers 100 away
washingtonwizards 106 torontoraptors 102 away
atlantahawks 146 torontoraptors 115 home
chicagobulls 92 detroitpistons 85 home
clevelandcavaliers 107 phoenixsuns 90 home
houstonrockets 102 losangelesclippers 85 away
memphisgrizzlies 97 minnesotatimberwolves 95 away
dallasmavericks 117 brooklynnets 101 away
oklahomacitythunder 117 philadelphiaSSers 106 home
orlandomagic 118 newyorkknicks 104 home
sacramentokings 110 indianapacers 105 home
washingtonwizards 104 milwaukeebucks 102 home
denvernuggets 114 miamiheat 96 home
houstonrockets 111 goldenstatewarriors 109 away
bostonceltics 90 sanantoniospurs 83 away
newyorkknicks 114 atlantahawks 107 away
clevelandcavaliers 101 chicagobulls 87 home
detroitpistons 105 milwaukeebucks 96 home
losangeleslakers 108 miamiheat 107 home
memphisgrizzlies 98 dallasmavericks 82 home
brooklynnets 97 charlottehornets 91 home
neworleanspelicans 98 minnesotatimberwolves 89 home
bostonceltics 105 oklahomacitythunder 87 away
utahjazz 96 indianapacers 87 home
torontoraptors 109 washingtonwizards 107 away
charlottehornets 106 philadelphiaSSers 105 home
torontoraptors 110 chicagobulls 78 away
atlantahawks 80 dallasmavericks 75 away
orlandomagic 126 goldenstatewarriors 118 away
losangelesclippers 88 indianapacers 72 home
minnesotatimberwolves 108 utahjazz 101 home
phoenixsuns 115 sacramentokings 107 home
portlandtrailblazers 90 houstonrockets 89 home
denvernuggets 106 sanantoniospurs 99 away
detroitpistons 98 washingtonwizards 94 home
losangeleslakers 108 phoenixsuns 88 home
clevelandcavaliers 101 milwaukeebucks 86 away
newyorkknicks 106 brooklynnets 97 home
miamiheat 115 sacramentokings 102 away
newyorkknicks 93 portlandtrailblazers 84 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 goldenstatewarriors 88 home
denvernuggets 93 philadelphiaSSers 83 away
utahjazz 104 sanantoniospurs 101 home
bostonceltics 98 milwaukeebucks 89 home
charlottehornets 107 denvernuggets 95 home
brooklynnets 103 chicagobulls 101 away
dallasmavericks 102 phoenixsuns 101 home
orlandomagic 97 losangelesclippers 86 away
memphisgrizzlies 111 clevelandcavaliers 109 home
neworleanspelicans 96 sacramentokings 94 home
torontoraptors 94 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
atlantahawks 118 chicagobulls 83 home
houstonrockets 95 clevelandcavaliers 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 indianapacers 91 away
losangeleslakers 101 utahjazz 77 home
milwaukeebucks 117 torontoraptors 95 home
neworleanspelicans 97 minnesotatimberwolves 96 away
goldenstatewarriors 105 brooklynnets 89 away
detroitpistons 90 philadelphiaSSers 86 away
sanantoniospurs 118 sacramentokings 106 home
detroitpistons 101 denvernuggets 99 home
utahjazz 120 orlandomagic 111 home
bostonceltics 104 washingtonwizards 102 away
chicagobulls 96 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
clevelandcavaliers 104 portlandtrailblazers 99 home
indianapacers 107 brooklynnets 91 home
losangeleslakers 104 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
oklahomacitythunder 102 memphisgrizzlies 94 away
dallasmavericks 106 miamiheat 93 away
newyorkknicks 113 neworleanspelicans 96 away
houstonrockets 96 philadelphiaSSers 91 away
phoenixsuns 106 orlandomagic 103 home
sanantoniospurs 104 charlottehornets 85 home
atlantahawks 111 torontoraptors 89 away
bostonceltics 106 chicagobulls 80 away
dallasmavericks 98 charlottehornets 97 home
denvernuggets 105 phoenixsuns 99 home
detroitpistons 104 goldenstatewarriors 95 home
milwaukeebucks 108 portlandtrailblazers 101 home
sacramentokings 120 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
utahjazz 102 losangeleslakers 94 home
indianapacers 114 washingtonwizards 113 away
atlantahawks 130 brooklynnets 107 home
sanantoniospurs 115 losangelesclippers 90 away
memphisgrizzlies 118 miamiheat 90 away
clevelandcavaliers 102 oklahomacitythunder 89 away
torontoraptors 101 houstonrockets 88 home
denvernuggets 102 oklahomacitythunder 93 home
losangelesclippers 97 washingtonwizards 95 home
bostonceltics 110 memphisgrizzlies 105 away
orlandomagic 106 indianapacers 98 home
philadelphiaSSers 117 goldenstatewarriors 101 home
minnesotatimberwolves 110 utahjazz 108 away
dallasmavericks 94 neworleanspelicans 90 home
charlottehornets 94 newyorkknicks 87 home
losangeleslakers 96 chicagobulls 87 away
clevelandcavaliers 99 brooklynnets 89 home
houstonrockets 107 detroitpistons 96 home
miamiheat 115 torontoraptors 95 home
phoenixsuns 116 sanantoniospurs 104 home
portlandtrailblazers 95 sacramentokings 88 home
atlantahawks 110 memphisgrizzlies 97 home
denvernuggets 111 houstonrockets 101 home
sanantoniospurs 103 goldenstatewarriors 91 away
indianapacers 101 charlottehornets 98 home
losangeleslakers 107 milwaukeebucks 106 away
losangelesclippers 120 minnesotatimberwolves 95 away
utahjazz 108 brooklynnets 92 away
neworleanspelicans 95 detroitpistons 87 home
dallasmavericks 100 oklahomacitythunder 86 away
orlandomagic 118 torontoraptors 99 home
clevelandcavaliers 108 philadelphiaSSers 101 away
sacramentokings 112 washingtonwizards 109 home
chicagobulls 98 newyorkknicks 89 home
miamiheat 104 orlandomagic 86 home
portlandtrailblazers 105 phoenixsuns 102 home
atlantahawks 96 utahjazz 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 98 bostonceltics 97 away
clevelandcavaliers 85 milwaukeebucks 82 home
houstonrockets 116 dallasmavericks 108 away
washingtonwizards 118 goldenstatewarriors 109 away
memphisgrizzlies 107 indianapacers 94 home
minnesotatimberwolves 112 sacramentokings 96 home
neworleanspelicans 98 denvernuggets 92 home
newyorkknicks 95 losangelesclippers 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 detroitpistons 98 home
torontoraptors 118 brooklynnets 95 home
utahjazz 110 charlottehornets 102 away
chicagobulls 101 atlantahawks 98 home
houstonrockets 95 oklahomacitythunder 90 home
sacramentokings 96 milwaukeebucks 95 away
losangeleslakers 103 brooklynnets 84 away
orlandomagic 92 portlandtrailblazers 83 home
losangelesclippers 112 philadelphiaSSers 107 away
phoenixsuns 121 washingtonwizards 95 home
sanantoniospurs 100 indianapacers 99 home
bostonceltics 122 minnesotatimberwolves 104 home
dallasmavericks 102 clevelandcavaliers 95 home
losangeleslakers 93 detroitpistons 81 away
memphisgrizzlies 102 denvernuggets 96 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 miamiheat 95 away
newyorkknicks 98 charlottehornets 94 home
torontoraptors 98 neworleanspelicans 92 home
sacramentokings 102 chicagobulls 98 away
milwaukeebucks 84 indianapacers 81 away
orlandomagic 104 utahjazz 99 home
clevelandcavaliers 109 phoenixsuns 91 away
sanantoniospurs 103 losangelesclippers 87 home
bostonceltics 103 indianapacers 94 home
charlottehornets 88 detroitpistons 76 home
portlandtrailblazers 85 dallasmavericks 81 away
houstonrockets 108 losangelesclippers 99 home
losangeleslakers 111 oklahomacitythunder 108 home
memphisgrizzlies 121 goldenstatewarriors 108 home
atlantahawks 112 minnesotatimberwolves 87 away
newyorkknicks 88 chicagobulls 81 home
washingtonwizards 105 philadelphiaSSers 98 home
denvernuggets 124 atlantahawks 104 home
torontoraptors 94 detroitpistons 64 away
miamiheat 80 utahjazz 70 home
washingtonwizards 109 milwaukeebucks 97 away
minnesotatimberwolves 103 brooklynnets 99 away
neworleanspelicans 108 goldenstatewarriors 102 home
orlandomagic 102 houstonrockets 87 home
oklahomacitythunder 117 phoenixsuns 113 away
clevelandcavaliers 117 sacramentokings 104 away
portlandtrailblazers 98 sanantoniospurs 94 away
clevelandcavaliers 102 losangeleslakers 87 away
miamiheat 93 newyorkknicks 87 away
bostonceltics 86 orlandomagic 77 away
phoenixsuns 124 losangelesclippers 93 home
portlandtrailblazers 107 denvernuggets 96 home
chicagobulls 96 neworleanspelicans 85 home
dallasmavericks 106 memphisgrizzlies 101 home
goldenstatewarriors 132 phoenixsuns 127 home
atlantahawks 110 indianapacers 98 away
sanantoniospurs 112 milwaukeebucks 97 away
minnesotatimberwolves 101 washingtonwizards 89 home
houstonrockets 98 brooklynnets 93 away
oklahomacitythunder 98 charlottehornets 91 home
losangeleslakers 112 sacramentokings 103 away
utahjazz 97 philadelphiaSSers 76 home
clevelandcavaliers 108 houstonrockets 83 home
dallasmavericks 104 denvernuggets 96 away
losangelesclippers 92 bostonceltics 90 home
miamiheat 114 indianapacers 80 home
sanantoniospurs 95 newyorkknicks 88 away
torontoraptors 102 detroitpistons 95 home
charlottehornets 94 milwaukeebucks 84 home
goldenstatewarriors 103 bostonceltics 99 home
memphisgrizzlies 116 washingtonwizards 111 home
oklahomacitythunder 105 brooklynnets 89 away
phoenixsuns 118 losangeleslakers 103 home
philadelphiaSSers 104 portlandtrailblazers 93 away
sacramentokings 106 denvernuggets 101 home
clevelandcavaliers 95 atlantahawks 84 away
chicagobulls 104 indianapacers 95 home
newyorkknicks 104 detroitpistons 87 away
houstonrockets 108 neworleanspelicans 100 home
losangeleslakers 124 goldenstatewarriors 118 home
sanantoniospurs 117 minnesotatimberwolves 99 home
oklahomacitythunder 110 washingtonwizards 98 away
clevelandcavaliers 106 atlantahawks 101 home
memphisgrizzlies 121 indianapacers 110 away
utahjazz 107 minnesotatimberwolves 103 away
brooklynnets 104 newyorkknicks 95 home
neworleanspelicans 95 miamiheat 91 home
orlandomagic 117 milwaukeebucks 92 home
phoenixsuns 116 bostonceltics 98 home
portlandtrailblazers 103 losangelesclippers 99 home
philadelphiaSSers 116 sacramentokings 106 away
torontoraptors 107 charlottehornets 103 home
chicagobulls 98 detroitpistons 87 away
houstonrockets 97 dallasmavericks 94 home
losangelesclippers 104 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 87 utahjazz 86 home
sanantoniospurs 108 miamiheat 78 home
newyorkknicks 112 atlantahawks 108 away
losangeleslakers 109 sacramentokings 108 home
orlandomagic 106 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
bostonceltics 103 torontoraptors 96 home
chicagobulls 101 orlandomagic 93 home
indianapacers 122 minnesotatimberwolves 111 home
charlottehornets 107 miamiheat 97 away
milwaukeebucks 103 oklahomacitythunder 97 home
clevelandcavaliers 94 brooklynnets 86 away
neworleanspelicans 99 houstonrockets 95 home
memphisgrizzlies 128 phoenixsuns 103 away
portlandtrailblazers 105 goldenstatewarriors 89 home
dallasmavericks 99 sacramentokings 91 away
denvernuggets 105 utahjazz 95 away
sanantoniospurs 97 washingtonwizards 86 away
charlottehornets 91 clevelandcavaliers 88 away
philadelphiaSSers 108 denvernuggets 105 away
losangeleslakers 131 dallasmavericks 96 home
newyorkknicks 132 indianapacers 89 home
torontoraptors 91 sanantoniospurs 86 home
oklahomacitythunder 98 chicagobulls 85 away
losangelesclippers 105 portlandtrailblazers 95 home
miamiheat 92 atlantahawks 75 home
neworleanspelicans 91 utahjazz 87 away
charlottehornets 113 chicagobulls 108 home
dallasmavericks 98 detroitpistons 93 home
denvernuggets 123 goldenstatewarriors 122 home
indianapacers 97 orlandomagic 90 home
losangeleslakers 88 houstonrockets 79 home
milwaukeebucks 98 brooklynnets 76 away
washingtonwizards 104 philadelphiaSSers 97 away
memphisgrizzlies 109 portlandtrailblazers 105 away
phoenixsuns 113 sacramentokings 109 away
atlantahawks 119 brooklynnets 89 home
clevelandcavaliers 121 washingtonwizards 98 home
losangelesclippers 102 losangeleslakers 91 home
bostonceltics 112 miamiheat 106 away
goldenstatewarriors 107 minnesotatimberwolves 101 away
neworleanspelicans 97 oklahomacitythunder 92 away
torontoraptors 108 orlandomagic 103 away
phoenixsuns 118 houstonrockets 110 home
sanantoniospurs 112 detroitpistons 92 home
utahjazz 117 memphisgrizzlies 94 home
newyorkknicks 97 charlottehornets 93 home
atlantahawks 93 bostonceltics 85 home
denvernuggets 99 clevelandcavaliers 97 home
goldenstatewarriors 108 sacramentokings 101 home
memphisgrizzlies 91 utahjazz 89 home
milwaukeebucks 96 chicagobulls 93 home
minnesotatimberwolves 116 indianapacers 109 home
neworleanspelicans 103 brooklynnets 99 home
torontoraptors 108 philadelphiaSSers 106 away
miamiheat 109 phoenixsuns 105 away
portlandtrailblazers 107 losangeleslakers 98 home
dallasmavericks 112 sanantoniospurs 103 away
washingtonwizards 104 orlandomagic 97 home
charlottehornets 89 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
chicagobulls 110 minnesotatimberwolves 96 home
utahjazz 111 dallasmavericks 93 away
philadelphiaSSers 104 detroitpistons 94 away
houstonrockets 105 newyorkknicks 96 home
oklahomacitythunder 108 indianapacers 102 home
orlandomagic 113 atlantahawks 81 home
sacramentokings 102 denvernuggets 100 home
losangelesclippers 94 miamiheat 84 home
losangeleslakers 95 milwaukeebucks 77 home
clevelandcavaliers 106 portlandtrailblazers 94 away
sanantoniospurs 97 brooklynnets 85 home
bostonceltics 114 torontoraptors 107 away
neworleanspelicans 115 washingtonwizards 110 away
atlantahawks 102 bostonceltics 96 away
chicagobulls 120 detroitpistons 87 home
denvernuggets 105 minnesotatimberwolves 94 home
clevelandcavaliers 117 goldenstatewarriors 114 away
indianapacers 105 torontoraptors 101 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 newyorkknicks 88 home
philadelphiaSSers 96 neworleanspelicans 92 home
phoenixsuns 105 milwaukeebucks 101 home
utahjazz 118 miamiheat 89 home
charlottehornets 102 houstonrockets 94 home
memphisgrizzlies 104 losangelesclippers 102 home
orlandomagic 109 sacramentokings 88 away
sanantoniospurs 105 losangeleslakers 85 home
detroitpistons 99 washingtonwizards 90 away
atlantahawks 94 washingtonwizards 82 home
losangeleslakers 100 dallasmavericks 95 away
denvernuggets 115 orlandomagic 97 home
miamiheat 115 goldenstatewarriors 102 away
houstonrockets 120 minnesotatimberwolves 114 home
indianapacers 122 phoenixsuns 114 home
bostonceltics 111 brooklynnets 87 away
neworleanspelicans 108 losangelesclippers 94 home
sanantoniospurs 109 oklahomacitythunder 108 away
newyorkknicks 93 philadelphiaSSers 92 away
portlandtrailblazers 120 milwaukeebucks 108 home
chicagobulls 96 bostonceltics 83 away
utahjazz 97 clevelandcavaliers 96 home
atlantahawks 102 phoenixsuns 101 home
charlottehornets 92 sanantoniospurs 76 home
chicagobulls 121 washingtonwizards 119 home
dallasmavericks 99 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
detroitpistons 110 neworleanspelicans 104 home
milwaukeebucks 113 goldenstatewarriors 104 away
miamiheat 115 houstonrockets 106 away
losangeleslakers 126 losangelesclippers 86 home
memphisgrizzlies 135 minnesotatimberwolves 110 home
indianapacers 121 brooklynnets 105 away
torontoraptors 112 newyorkknicks 104 away
philadelphiaSSers 98 sacramentokings 86 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 orlandomagic 87 home
charlottehornets 125 phoenixsuns 99 home
detroitpistons 94 newyorkknicks 90 home
neworleanspelicans 101 indianapacers 96 away
clevelandcavaliers 102 losangelesclippers 101 away
memphisgrizzlies 92 sanantoniospurs 86 home
oklahomacitythunder 98 miamiheat 80 home
utahjazz 112 milwaukeebucks 95 home
washingtonwizards 96 sacramentokings 86 home
denvernuggets 119 utahjazz 112 home
torontoraptors 110 dallasmavericks 88 home
memphisgrizzlies 125 phoenixsuns 118 home
minnesotatimberwolves 108 philadelphiaSSers 103 home
sanantoniospurs 97 neworleanspelicans 90 away
newyorkknicks 99 detroitpistons 91 home
washingtonwizards 97 portlandtrailblazers 92 home
oklahomacitythunder 94 atlantahawks 91 away
dallasmavericks 99 bostonceltics 90 away
charlottehornets 105 sacramentokings 103 home
goldenstatewarriors 114 chicagobulls 97 home
houstonrockets 101 milwaukeebucks 98 home
losangelesclippers 106 brooklynnets 95 home
losangeleslakers 98 orlandomagic 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 108 torontoraptors 100 home
miamiheat 113 indianapacers 83 home
atlantahawks 108 sacramentokings 97 home
charlottehornets 104 miamiheat 65 home
detroitpistons 92 bostonceltics 86 home
denvernuggets 123 goldenstatewarriors 118 away
losangelesclippers 104 chicagobulls 97 home
milwaukeebucks 113 torontoraptors 107 home
oklahomacitythunder 94 minnesotatimberwolves 92 away
neworleanspelicans 113 memphisgrizzlies 111 home
orlandomagic 109 indianapacers 98 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 philadelphiaSSers 90 away
phoenixsuns 118 brooklynnets 94 home
utahjazz 105 sanantoniospurs 98 away
dallasmavericks 94 washingtonwizards 93 away
clevelandcavaliers 93 losangeleslakers 87 home
denvernuggets 105 losangelesclippers 85 home
atlantahawks 103 charlottehornets 89 home
bostonceltics 98 portlandtrailblazers 95 home
indianapacers 105 detroitpistons 93 away
goldenstatewarriors 111 brooklynnets 79 home
memphisgrizzlies 86 oklahomacitythunder 84 home
neworleanspelicans 96 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
losangeleslakers 115 newyorkknicks 105 away
orlandomagic 100 sacramentokings 84 home
philadelphiaSSers 92 dallasmavericks 81 home
chicagobulls 115 phoenixsuns 104 away
houstonrockets 116 sanantoniospurs 109 away
torontoraptors 101 milwaukeebucks 96 home
miamiheat 112 washingtonwizards 88 away
orlandomagic 106 charlottehornets 95 away
clevelandcavaliers 100 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
denvernuggets 116 neworleanspelicans 110 home
portlandtrailblazers 97 detroitpistons 93 away
chicagobulls 104 houstonrockets 97 away
philadelphiaSSers 107 indianapacers 97 away
miamiheat 115 sacramentokings 84 home
milwaukeebucks 127 minnesotatimberwolves 94 home
phoenixsuns 112 goldenstatewarriors 103 home
utahjazz 116 brooklynnets 83 home
dallasmavericks 128 newyorkknicks 78 away
torontoraptors 106 losangeleslakers 105 home
losangelesclippers 92 washingtonwizards 78 away
bostonceltics 95 losangelesclippers 89 home
denvernuggets 104 charlottehornets 93 home
atlantahawks 102 houstonrockets 95 away
memphisgrizzlies 99 orlandomagic 94 home
clevelandcavaliers 92 miamiheat 91 away
indianapacers 109 philadelphiaSSers 98 away
neworleanspelicans 98 portlandtrailblazers 97 away
chicagobulls 98 sanantoniospurs 93 away
utahjazz 124 phoenixsuns 115 home
dallasmavericks 108 milwaukeebucks 107 home
newyorkknicks 132 minnesotatimberwolves 105 home
charlottehornets 114 phoenixsuns 109 away
sacramentokings 99 goldenstatewarriors 96 home
losangeleslakers 115 washingtonwizards 103 away
clevelandcavaliers 109 minnesotatimberwolves 95 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 detroitpistons 93 away
neworleanspelicans 123 goldenstatewarriors 110 away
denvernuggets 97 houstonrockets 92 away
losangeleslakers 118 indianapacers 96 away
milwaukeebucks 91 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
brooklynnets 103 losangelesclippers 87 home
chicagobulls 96 oklahomacitythunder 86 away
utahjazz 106 portlandtrailblazers 95 away
sanantoniospurs 105 atlantahawks 90 home
torontoraptors 111 miamiheat 103 home
torontoraptors 106 newyorkknicks 104 away
orlandomagic 96 bostonceltics 94 home
phoenixsuns 112 dallasmavericks 106 home
atlantahawks 100 bostonceltics 91 home
miamiheat 92 detroitpistons 65 away
charlottehornets 121 goldenstatewarriors 110 away
houstonrockets 104 portlandtrailblazers 100 home
clevelandcavaliers 94 indianapacers 73 away
minnesotatimberwolves 111 losangelesclippers 97 home
washingtonwizards 81 brooklynnets 79 away
chicagobulls 108 neworleanspelicans 106 away
oklahomacitythunder 101 denvernuggets 84 home
losangeleslakers 99 philadelphiaSSers 91 away
sanantoniospurs 104 memphisgrizzlies 97 home
utahjazz 101 sacramentokings 94 home
portlandtrailblazers 114 dallasmavericks 112 away
neworleanspelicans 109 memphisgrizzlies 102 away
milwaukeebucks 95 miamiheat 84 home
orlandomagic 104 atlantahawks 86 home
charlottehornets 103 sacramentokings 96 away
washingtonwizards 106 newyorkknicks 96 home
losangeleslakers 90 bostonceltics 89 away
clevelandcavaliers 114 losangelesclippers 89 home
orlandomagic 91 detroitpistons 86 away
phoenixsuns 115 houstonrockets 111 away
minnesotatimberwolves 112 newyorkknicks 91 home
philadelphiaSSers 83 brooklynnets 79 away
oklahomacitythunder 112 goldenstatewarriors 104 home
denvernuggets 103 sanantoniospurs 89 away
torontoraptors 117 indianapacers 102 home
denvernuggets 112 sacramentokings 109 home
memphisgrizzlies 95 losangeleslakers 93 home
milwaukeebucks 97 miamiheat 81 away
phoenixsuns 109 neworleanspelicans 100 away
portlandtrailblazers 98 charlottehornets 79 home
utahjazz 104 dallasmavericks 92 home
bostonceltics 99 washingtonwizards 88 away
losangelesclippers 90 chicagobulls 82 away
clevelandcavaliers 105 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
houstonrockets 119 goldenstatewarriors 97 home
indianapacers 130 torontoraptors 115 home
detroitpistons 97 brooklynnets 93 away
oklahomacitythunder 106 atlantahawks 99 home
orlandomagic 99 milwaukeebucks 82 home
atlantahawks 103 losangelesclippers 97 home
bostonceltics 107 miamiheat 102 home
dallasmavericks 110 goldenstatewarriors 101 home
phoenixsuns 109 denvernuggets 97 away
losangeleslakers 99 charlottehornets 97 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 neworleanspelicans 99 away
newyorkknicks 107 washingtonwizards 85 home
philadelphiaSSers 106 chicagobulls 103 home
sanantoniospurs 115 sacramentokings 113 away
torontoraptors 108 brooklynnets 99 home
utahjazz 118 portlandtrailblazers 105 home
clevelandcavaliers 102 miamiheat 86 home
portlandtrailblazers 96 sanantoniospurs 93 home
atlantahawks 91 chicagobulls 81 home
bostonceltics 96 brooklynnets 87 home
minnesotatimberwolves 117 dallasmavericks 108 away
indianapacers 107 detroitpistons 83 home
denvernuggets 126 losangeleslakers 113 away
houstonrockets 101 memphisgrizzlies 83 away
philadelphiaSSers 101 neworleanspelicans 94 away
milwaukeebucks 114 newyorkknicks 107 away
washingtonwizards 92 orlandomagic 91 away
phoenixsuns 114 sacramentokings 102 away
neworleanspelicans 104 charlottehornets 99 away
chicagobulls 95 miamiheat 91 home
clevelandcavaliers 113 newyorkknicks 106 home
detroitpistons 99 brooklynnets 92 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 goldenstatewarriors 95 away
philadelphiaSSers 102 houstonrockets 95 away
sanantoniospurs 98 losangelesclippers 81 away
milwaukeebucks 93 indianapacers 81 home
minnesotatimberwolves 109 memphisgrizzlies 102 home
losangeleslakers 99 portlandtrailblazers 82 away
utahjazz 116 denvernuggets 106 home
orlandomagic 96 bostonceltics 89 away
torontoraptors 115 sacramentokings 104 home
dallasmavericks 127 goldenstatewarriors 117 away
losangeleslakers 101 sanantoniospurs 89 home
orlandomagic 123 neworleanspelicans 117 home
charlottehornets 94 washingtonwizards 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 104 brooklynnets 97 home
denvernuggets 127 dallasmavericks 91 home
chicagobulls 109 indianapacers 101 away
utahjazz 109 losangelesclippers 99 away
atlantahawks 108 memphisgrizzlies 94 away
miamiheat 99 houstonrockets 66 home
detroitpistons 93 milwaukeebucks 81 away
sacramentokings 118 newyorkknicks 114 away
philadelphiaSSers 119 minnesotatimberwolves 97 home
oklahomacitythunder 89 portlandtrailblazers 77 away
miamiheat 94 atlantahawks 76 away
orlandomagic 107 chicagobulls 87 away
sacramentokings 103 detroitpistons 97 away
goldenstatewarriors 132 losangelesclippers 102 home
charlottehornets 93 minnesotatimberwolves 92 away
milwaukeebucks 97 brooklynnets 77 away
neworleanspelicans 93 bostonceltics 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 108 phoenixsuns 101 away
torontoraptors 104 philadelphiaSSers 93 home
losangeleslakers 96 utahjazz 81 away
clevelandcavaliers 115 orlandomagic 106 home
sanantoniospurs 111 denvernuggets 92 away
brooklynnets 103 charlottehornets 94 away
chicagobulls 118 newyorkknicks 85 home
detroitpistons 108 minnesotatimberwolves 85 home
utahjazz 104 houstonrockets 95 away
losangeleslakers 104 goldenstatewarriors 94 home
phoenixsuns 109 memphisgrizzlies 95 away
oklahomacitythunder 99 dallasmavericks 86 home
miamiheat 105 philadelphiaSSers 78 away
portlandtrailblazers 109 losangelesclippers 87 home
bostonceltics 95 sacramentokings 92 away
dallasmavericks 107 phoenixsuns 97 home
goldenstatewarriors 130 sacramentokings 98 home
sanantoniospurs 90 indianapacers 87 away
atlantahawks 110 losangelesclippers 92 away
houstonrockets 127 milwaukeebucks 99 away
miamiheat 87 brooklynnets 84 away
utahjazz 98 neworleanspelicans 90 away
chicagobulls 115 newyorkknicks 109 away
orlandomagic 116 detroitpistons 91 home
memphisgrizzlies 109 torontoraptors 102 away
washingtonwizards 108 minnesotatimberwolves 99 home
denvernuggets 118 clevelandcavaliers 116 away
bostonceltics 87 losangeleslakers 86 away
charlottehornets 110 clevelandcavaliers 93 home
milwaukeebucks 91 detroitpistons 85 away
utahjazz 100 goldenstatewarriors 89 away
miamiheat 100 memphisgrizzlies 87 away
chicagobulls 100 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
torontoraptors 106 brooklynnets 89 away
neworleanspelicans 107 indianapacers 101 home
dallasmavericks 95 orlandomagic 85 away
philadelphiaSSers 106 sanantoniospurs 94 home
phoenixsuns 88 atlantahawks 80 home
bostonceltics 96 portlandtrailblazers 76 away
washingtonwizards 107 denvernuggets 97 home
chicagobulls 122 philadelphiaSSers 90 home
dallasmavericks 97 miamiheat 91 home
indianapacers 125 houstonrockets 115 away
losangelesclippers 99 sacramentokings 89 home
milwaukeebucks 93 charlottehornets 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 121 newyorkknicks 118 away
torontoraptors 109 washingtonwizards 104 home
denvernuggets 114 bostonceltics 105 home
detroitpistons 109 sanantoniospurs 101 home
goldenstatewarriors 108 atlantahawks 104 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 minnesotatimberwolves 107 away
memphisgrizzlies 104 brooklynnets 94 away
neworleanspelicans 102 houstonrockets 94 home
orlandomagic 101 clevelandcavaliers 95 home
phoenixsuns 104 sacramentokings 88 home
utahjazz 93 portlandtrailblazers 89 away
dallasmavericks 91 indianapacers 82 home
losangelesclippers 98 charlottehornets 94 home
milwaukeebucks 83 newyorkknicks 67 away
atlantahawks 105 utahjazz 100 away
washingtonwizards 101 chicagobulls 95 home
bostonceltics 110 newyorkknicks 106 home
clevelandcavaliers 105 neworleanspelicans 95 home
philadelphiaSSers 110 goldenstatewarriors 102 away
losangeleslakers 99 memphisgrizzlies 98 away
minnesotatimberwolves 91 miamiheat 88 away
portlandtrailblazers 102 brooklynnets 93 away
phoenixsuns 104 oklahomacitythunder 102 away
detroitpistons 101 sacramentokings 89 away
atlantahawks 98 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
chicagobulls 120 indianapacers 110 home
dallasmavericks 101 losangeleslakers 96 home
orlandomagic 110 houstonrockets 92 away
losangelesclippers 97 detroitpistons 91 home
milwaukeebucks 115 neworleanspelicans 95 home
phoenixsuns 106 philadelphiaSSers 95 home
sanantoniospurs 95 oklahomacitythunder 87 home
portlandtrailblazers 101 torontoraptors 87 away
utahjazz 102 charlottehornets 93 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 washingtonwizards 94 away
milwaukeebucks 112 indianapacers 110 away
clevelandcavaliers 108 bostonceltics 88 away
denvernuggets 127 goldenstatewarriors 112 away
dallasmavericks 111 atlantahawks 103 away
chicagobulls 115 portlandtrailblazers 111 home
denvernuggets 107 detroitpistons 102 home
houstonrockets 109 sanantoniospurs 104 home
losangeleslakers 99 philadelphiaSSers 90 home
charlottehornets 93 memphisgrizzlies 89 away
neworleanspelicans 100 orlandomagic 93 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
phoenixsuns 125 losangelesclippers 112 home
sacramentokings 103 utahjazz 99 home
clevelandcavaliers 126 torontoraptors 118 away
newyorkknicks 118 washingtonwizards 116 away
brooklynnets 104 bostonceltics 96 away
goldenstatewarriors 95 detroitpistons 88 home
indianapacers 100 chicagobulls 90 home
milwaukeebucks 94 miamiheat 71 away
portlandtrailblazers 110 minnesotatimberwolves 91 away
memphisgrizzlies 120 newyorkknicks 109 away
utahjazz 133 houstonrockets 110 home
atlantahawks 106 milwaukeebucks 102 home
dallasmavericks 108 neworleanspelicans 100 home
losangeleslakers 95 denvernuggets 89 home
washingtonwizards 89 brooklynnets 85 away
oklahomacitythunder 119 torontoraptors 99 home
orlandomagic 96 miamiheat 80 home
sacramentokings 97 losangelesclippers 92 home
sanantoniospurs 113 phoenixsuns 110 home
dallasmavericks 89 charlottehornets 84 away
atlantahawks 116 chicagobulls 92 away
clevelandcavaliers 124 newyorkknicks 93 home
houstonrockets 116 torontoraptors 92 home
losangelesclippers 108 utahjazz 104 home
portlandtrailblazers 103 memphisgrizzlies 93 away
sanantoniospurs 106 neworleanspelicans 92 away
orlandomagic 126 philadelphiaSSers 105 away
phoenixsuns 101 denvernuggets 85 home
bostonceltics 105 detroitpistons 100 away
losangeleslakers 122 indianapacers 99 home
miamiheat 110 goldenstatewarriors 106 home
oklahomacitythunder 113 sacramentokings 107 home
atlantahawks 112 philadelphiaSSers 93 home
bostonceltics 104 charlottehornets 80 home
dallasmavericks 112 minnesotatimberwolves 109 home
denvernuggets 119 oklahomacitythunder 90 home
sacramentokings 84 houstonrockets 81 away
phoenixsuns 127 losangelesclippers 101 away
milwaukeebucks 100 washingtonwizards 87 home
clevelandcavaliers 111 brooklynnets 92 away
memphisgrizzlies 104 neworleanspelicans 100 away
newyorkknicks 128 detroitpistons 104 home
orlandomagic 117 goldenstatewarriors 90 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 indianapacers 79 home
memphisgrizzlies 105 chicagobulls 96 away
miamiheat 114 losangeleslakers 111 home
utahjazz 116 phoenixsuns 108 away
atlantahawks 127 goldenstatewarriors 122 home
charlottehornets 98 losangeleslakers 83 home
clevelandcavaliers 99 detroitpistons 92 home
dallasmavericks 108 sacramentokings 100 home
denvernuggets 122 indianapacers 114 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 losangelesclippers 87 away
orlandomagic 97 brooklynnets 87 away
bostonceltics 96 philadelphiaSSers 86 away
sanantoniospurs 102 neworleanspelicans 91 home
torontoraptors 102 newyorkknicks 96 home
milwaukeebucks 102 washingtonwizards 74 away
charlottehornets 101 goldenstatewarriors 90 home
dallasmavericks 122 chicagobulls 116 away
sanantoniospurs 102 memphisgrizzlies 92 away
miamiheat 100 atlantahawks 94 home
milwaukeebucks 92 clevelandcavaliers 85 home
houstonrockets 112 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
brooklynnets 113 newyorkknicks 93 away
phoenixsuns 113 indianapacers 105 home
utahjazz 107 losangelesclippers 85 home
bostonceltics 86 washingtonwizards 83 home
denvernuggets 118 portlandtrailblazers 106 home
detroitpistons 110 houstonrockets 107 home
orlandomagic 96 losangeleslakers 94 home
oklahomacitythunder 108 sacramentokings 102 away
philadelphiaSSers 114 torontoraptors 101 away
clevelandcavaliers 97 sanantoniospurs 95 home
memphisgrizzlies 107 brooklynnets 101 home
dallasmavericks 125 minnesotatimberwolves 112 away
neworleanspelicans 135 goldenstatewarriors 131 home
newyorkknicks 99 atlantahawks 98 home
charlottehornets 83 miamiheat 78 home
utahjazz 132 chicagobulls 108 away
indianapacers 107 philadelphiaSSers 96 home
losangeleslakers 109 torontoraptors 107 home
milwaukeebucks 86 bostonceltics 84 home
orlandomagic 113 losangelesclippers 87 home
portlandtrailblazers 88 sacramentokings 81 home
houstonrockets 96 washingtonwizards 88 away
memphisgrizzlies 111 bostonceltics 91 away
dallasmavericks 96 brooklynnets 87 home
utahjazz 115 detroitpistons 104 away
miamiheat 108 losangelesclippers 97 home
denvernuggets 110 minnesotatimberwolves 102 away
oklahomacitythunder 98 neworleanspelicans 83 home
charlottehornets 102 philadelphiaSSers 87 away
sacramentokings 113 torontoraptors 90 home
sanantoniospurs 97 newyorkknicks 87 home
portlandtrailblazers 110 goldenstatewarriors 105 away
orlandomagic 111 chicagobulls 82 home
atlantahawks 105 washingtonwizards 99 away
bostonceltics 122 indianapacers 103 home
charlottehornets 106 losangelesclippers 98 home
detroitpistons 101 washingtonwizards 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 119 newyorkknicks 112 home
miamiheat 108 chicagobulls 95 home
milwaukeebucks 95 utahjazz 87 home
sanantoniospurs 103 minnesotatimberwolves 85 away
denvernuggets 102 neworleanspelicans 95 away
oklahomacitythunder 104 brooklynnets 102 home
clevelandcavaliers 100 philadelphiaSSers 95 away
losangeleslakers 102 phoenixsuns 96 away
portlandtrailblazers 110 sacramentokings 94 away
atlantahawks 112 detroitpistons 99 home
newyorkknicks 128 dallasmavericks 94 away
goldenstatewarriors 124 torontoraptors 112 home
houstonrockets 116 brooklynnets 108 home
denvernuggets 125 memphisgrizzlies 108 away
sanantoniospurs 118 losangelesclippers 88 home
orlandomagic 109 washingtonwizards 95 away
clevelandcavaliers 104 bostonceltics 93 home
miamiheat 104 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
milwaukeebucks 98 indianapacers 94 home
oklahomacitythunder 119 utahjazz 111 home
charlottehornets 96 orlandomagic 89 away
phoenixsuns 120 neworleanspelicans 106 home
portlandtrailblazers 109 torontoraptors 98 home
sacramentokings 114 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
bostonceltics 119 detroitpistons 93 home
losangeleslakers 124 goldenstatewarriors 121 away
houstonrockets 125 denvernuggets 123 home
neworleanspelicans 108 losangelesclippers 100 away
newyorkknicks 94 philadelphiaSSers 84 away
utahjazz 112 washingtonwizards 89 home
denvernuggets 97 washingtonwizards 87 home
clevelandcavaliers 113 detroitpistons 101 away
indianapacers 99 charlottehornets 94 home
memphisgrizzlies 104 chicagobulls 97 home
sanantoniospurs 88 miamiheat 76 away
atlantahawks 108 brooklynnets 84 away
phoenixsuns 152 minnesotatimberwolves 114 home
losangeleslakers 106 sacramentokings 99 away
bostonceltics 109 newyorkknicks 97 home
charlottehornets 100 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 99 indianapacers 94 home
dallasmavericks 113 chicagobulls 106 home
goldenstatewarriors 131 neworleanspelicans 121 home
houstonrockets 107 memphisgrizzlies 94 home
losangelesclippers 101 milwaukeebucks 93 home
orlandomagic 110 sanantoniospurs 84 home
philadelphiaSSers 108 brooklynnets 97 home
torontoraptors 106 atlantahawks 105 home
utahjazz 122 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
denvernuggets 93 neworleanspelicans 80 home
orlandomagic 108 miamiheat 102 away
atlantahawks 93 charlottehornets 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 92 chicagobulls 85 away
bostonceltics 94 houstonrockets 87 away
indianapacers 106 detroitpistons 102 home
losangeleslakers 104 minnesotatimberwolves 96 home
newyorkknicks 92 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
phoenixsuns 110 utahjazz 100 home
portlandtrailblazers 76 washingtonwizards 74 home
milwaukeebucks 114 sacramentokings 108 away
sanantoniospurs 147 goldenstatewarriors 116 home
oklahomacitythunder 115 torontoraptors 89 away
bostonceltics 102 dallasmavericks 93 away
milwaukeebucks 102 denvernuggets 97 away
memphisgrizzlies 123 goldenstatewarriors 107 home
miamiheat 77 charlottehornets 71 home
torontoraptors 100 brooklynnets 90 away
chicagobulls 98 philadelphiaSSers 84 away
utahjazz 106 neworleanspelicans 86 home
atlantahawks 119 sanantoniospurs 114 home
clevelandcavaliers 104 detroitpistons 79 home
indianapacers 121 oklahomacitythunder 101 home
sacramentokings 102 losangelesclippers 89 away
losangeleslakers 99 washingtonwizards 92 home
houstonrockets 116 newyorkknicks 112 away
phoenixsuns 93 portlandtrailblazers 87 home
chicagobulls 98 houstonrockets 88 home
phoenixsuns 133 goldenstatewarriors 131 away
milwaukeebucks 98 atlantahawks 95 home
torontoraptors 106 minnesotatimberwolves 100 away
miamiheat 99 brooklynnets 89 away
neworleanspelicans 115 dallasmavericks 99 home
sanantoniospurs 99 oklahomacitythunder 96 away
orlandomagic 109 philadelphiaSSers 93 away
memphisgrizzlies 102 sacramentokings 85 away
utahjazz 110 bostonceltics 97 home
dallasmavericks 106 losangelesclippers 96 home
indianapacers 98 detroitpistons 83 away
newyorkknicks 109 denvernuggets 104 home
charlottehornets 95 washingtonwizards 86 away
atlantahawks 86 orlandomagic 84 home
bostonceltics 113 denvernuggets 99 home
charlottehornets 108 minnesotatimberwolves 95 home
goldenstatewarriors 128 memphisgrizzlies 110 home
indianapacers 99 washingtonwizards 82 home
philadelphiaSSers 101 milwaukeebucks 86 away
brooklynnets 93 sacramentokings 79 home
clevelandcavaliers 105 neworleanspelicans 92 away
oklahomacitythunder 122 houstonrockets 104 home
losangeleslakers 92 sanantoniospurs 83 away
utahjazz 113 torontoraptors 87 away
miamiheat 103 chicagobulls 74 away
losangelesclippers 99 houstonrockets 93 away
portlandtrailblazers 101 dallasmavericks 89 home
bostonceltics 94 sacramentokings 86 home
charlottehornets 107 washingtonwizards 96 home
indianapacers 122 utahjazz 106 home
miamiheat 87 milwaukeebucks 74 away
brooklynnets 118 detroitpistons 110 home
oklahomacitythunder 91 losangeleslakers 75 home
orlandomagic 106 minnesotatimberwolves 97 home
philadelphiaSSers 105 atlantahawks 98 home
phoenixsuns 132 newyorkknicks 96 home
sanantoniospurs 102 clevelandcavaliers 97 home
denvernuggets 97 torontoraptors 96 away
chicagobulls 106 brooklynnets 83 home
dallasmavericks 111 goldenstatewarriors 90 away
losangeleslakers 109 houstonrockets 101 away
portlandtrailblazers 112 neworleanspelicans 101 away
utahjazz 103 washingtonwizards 87 away
atlantahawks 94 indianapacers 84 home
sanantoniospurs 94 bostonceltics 73 away
clevelandcavaliers 97 sacramentokings 90 home
chicagobulls 110 detroitpistons 103 away
goldenstatewarriors 121 losangelesclippers 103 away
miamiheat 97 torontoraptors 94 home
milwaukeebucks 108 memphisgrizzlies 103 home
phoenixsuns 111 minnesotatimberwolves 105 away
portlandtrailblazers 92 oklahomacitythunder 87 away
orlandomagic 103 denvernuggets 97 home
torontoraptors 103 charlottehornets 101 away
dallasmavericks 109 denvernuggets 93 home
brooklynnets 90 sanantoniospurs 84 home
neworleanspelicans 108 losangeleslakers 100 home
utahjazz 103 newyorkknicks 98 home
phoenixsuns 111 chicagobulls 105 away
houstonrockets 98 washingtonwizards 94 home
indianapacers 102 sacramentokings 95 home
milwaukeebucks 107 losangelesclippers 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 111 philadelphiaSSers 93 away
minnesotatimberwolves 108 sacramentokings 99 home
phoenixsuns 116 brooklynnets 105 away
washingtonwizards 96 neworleanspelicans 91 away
portlandtrailblazers 118 newyorkknicks 90 home
sanantoniospurs 119 houstonrockets 102 home
torontoraptors 114 losangelesclippers 92 home
utahjazz 128 goldenstatewarriors 104 home
atlantahawks 109 losangeleslakers 92 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 bostonceltics 104 away
charlottehornets 103 philadelphiaSSers 84 home
clevelandcavaliers 101 milwaukeebucks 98 home
miamiheat 98 detroitpistons 81 away
dallasmavericks 106 memphisgrizzlies 102 away
orlandomagic 97 dallasmavericks 82 away
denvernuggets 109 portlandtrailblazers 92 home
houstonrockets 119 bostonceltics 114 away
charlottehornets 87 milwaukeebucks 86 home
clevelandcavaliers 93 atlantahawks 88 home
phoenixsuns 109 detroitpistons 94 away
goldenstatewarriors 128 newyorkknicks 117 home
miamiheat 105 indianapacers 96 away
losangeleslakers 106 utahjazz 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 107 neworleanspelicans 96 home
sanantoniospurs 112 orlandomagic 100 home
chicagobulls 95 washingtonwizards 87 away
atlantahawks 91 detroitpistons 85 home
chicagobulls 96 charlottehornets 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 121 dallasmavericks 116 away
denvernuggets 98 losangelesclippers 90 home
milwaukeebucks 107 phoenixsuns 98 home
miamiheat 97 minnesotatimberwolves 84 away
brooklynnets 115 neworleanspelicans 87 home
torontoraptors 128 philadelphiaSSers 123 away
portlandtrailblazers 98 sacramentokings 87 away
bostonceltics 117 clevelandcavaliers 113 home
indianapacers 133 houstonrockets 102 home
newyorkknicks 113 losangelesclippers 107 away
sanantoniospurs 100 losangeleslakers 81 away
oklahomacitythunder 116 minnesotatimberwolves 108 home
orlandomagic 107 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
goldenstatewarriors 113 torontoraptors 112 away
washingtonwizards 109 brooklynnets 99 home
charlottehornets 109 atlantahawks 100 home
milwaukeebucks 79 chicagobulls 74 away
clevelandcavaliers 113 torontoraptors 101 home
houstonrockets 113 memphisgrizzlies 103 away
newyorkknicks 104 bostonceltics 101 home
detroitpistons 124 philadelphiaSSers 103 away
sanantoniospurs 95 sacramentokings 86 away
utahjazz 140 oklahomacitythunder 139 home
washingtonwizards 112 goldenstatewarriors 94 home
dallasmavericks 110 memphisgrizzlies 84 home
detroitpistons 90 atlantahawks 88 home
houstonrockets 113 utahjazz 96 home
indianapacers 113 newyorkknicks 105 home
portlandtrailblazers 93 losangelesclippers 85 away
miamiheat 99 philadelphiaSSers 95 home
milwaukeebucks 108 brooklynnets 89 home
goldenstatewarriors 116 minnesotatimberwolves 107 away
charlottehornets 104 neworleanspelicans 103 away
denvernuggets 98 oklahomacitythunder 94 away
orlandomagic 121 washingtonwizards 94 home
phoenixsuns 112 sanantoniospurs 101 home
bostonceltics 115 torontoraptors 104 away
chicagobulls 109 clevelandcavaliers 108 home
denvernuggets 98 losangeleslakers 96 home
sacramentokings 116 losangelesclippers 94 home
atlantahawks 107 torontoraptors 101 home
washingtonwizards 106 bostonceltics 96 away
indianapacers 116 clevelandcavaliers 113 away
houstonrockets 97 charlottehornets 90 home
detroitpistons 106 miamiheat 99 away
losangeleslakers 97 minnesotatimberwolves 88 away
brooklynnets 127 chicagobulls 116 home
utahjazz 114 neworleanspelicans 103 away
oklahomacitythunder 96 phoenixsuns 91 home
orlandomagic 118 newyorkknicks 103 home
milwaukeebucks 95 philadelphiaSSers 90 away
dallasmavericks 83 portlandtrailblazers 77 away
memphisgrizzlies 107 sanantoniospurs 99 away
charlottehornets 99 detroitpistons 95 home
sanantoniospurs 104 denvernuggets 85 away
indianapacers 115 brooklynnets 102 home
losangelesclippers 107 goldenstatewarriors 104 home
philadelphiaSSers 120 memphisgrizzlies 101 away
bostonceltics 105 milwaukeebucks 90 away
dallasmavericks 126 sacramentokings 108 away
atlantahawks 105 washingtonwizards 95 away
orlandomagic 98 clevelandcavaliers 92 away
goldenstatewarriors 120 oklahomacitythunder 117 home
portlandtrailblazers 91 losangeleslakers 88 away
neworleanspelicans 114 minnesotatimberwolves 86 home
miamiheat 111 newyorkknicks 98 away
phoenixsuns 116 houstonrockets 106 home
chicagobulls 104 torontoraptors 88 away
denvernuggets 123 memphisgrizzlies 101 home
torontoraptors 111 detroitpistons 97 away
orlandomagic 118 indianapacers 98 away
dallasmavericks 117 losangelesclippers 94 away
atlantahawks 104 milwaukeebucks 96 away
charlottehornets 105 brooklynnets 95 away
newyorkknicks 114 washingtonwizards 103 home
miamiheat 107 philadelphiaSSers 105 away
portlandtrailblazers 103 oklahomacitythunder 95 home
houstonrockets 117 sacramentokings 107 away
sanantoniospurs 133 minnesotatimberwolves 111 home
chicagobulls 101 bostonceltics 93 home
utahjazz 103 goldenstatewarriors 94 away
losangeleslakers 106 sacramentokings 100 home
phoenixsuns 123 denvernuggets 101 home
atlantahawks 99 clevelandcavaliers 83 home
milwaukeebucks 106 bostonceltics 95 away
chicagobulls 98 charlottehornets 89 away
dallasmavericks 96 sanantoniospurs 89 home
neworleanspelicans 123 houstonrockets 115 away
losangelesclippers 107 losangeleslakers 91 home
miamiheat 94 brooklynnets 86 home
detroitpistons 103 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
oklahomacitythunder 114 memphisgrizzlies 105 home
orlandomagic 125 philadelphiaSSers 111 home
goldenstatewarriors 122 portlandtrailblazers 116 away
torontoraptors 131 newyorkknicks 113 home
phoenixsuns 100 utahjazz 86 away
washingtonwizards 98 indianapacers 97 home
playoffs
atlantahawks 102 milwaukeebucks 92 home
bostonceltics 85 miamiheat 76 home
clevelandcavaliers 96 chicagobulls 83 home
denvernuggets 126 utahjazz 113 home
dallasmavericks 100 sanantoniospurs 94 home
losangeleslakers 87 oklahomacitythunder 79 home
orlandomagic 98 charlottehornets 89 home
portlandtrailblazers 105 phoenixsuns 100 away
clevelandcavaliers 112 chicagobulls 102 home
utahjazz 114 denvernuggets 111 away
atlantahawks 96 milwaukeebucks 86 home
bostonceltics 106 miamiheat 77 home
losangeleslakers 95 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
phoenixsuns 119 portlandtrailblazers 90 home
sanantoniospurs 102 dallasmavericks 88 away
orlandomagic 92 charlottehornets 77 home
chicagobulls 108 clevelandcavaliers 106 home
oklahomacitythunder 101 losangeleslakers 96 home
phoenixsuns 108 portlandtrailblazers 89 away
bostonceltics 100 miamiheat 98 away
sanantoniospurs 94 dallasmavericks 90 home
utahjazz 105 denvernuggets 93 home
orlandomagic 90 charlottehornets 86 away
milwaukeebucks 107 atlantahawks 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 110 losangeleslakers 89 home
portlandtrailblazers 96 phoenixsuns 87 home
clevelandcavaliers 121 chicagobulls 98 away
miamiheat 101 bostonceltics 92 home
sanantoniospurs 92 dallasmavericks 89 home
utahjazz 117 denvernuggets 106 home
orlandomagic 99 charlottehornets 90 away
milwaukeebucks 111 atlantahawks 104 home
phoenixsuns 107 portlandtrailblazers 88 home
bostonceltics 96 miamiheat 86 home
clevelandcavaliers 96 chicagobulls 94 home
dallasmavericks 103 sanantoniospurs 81 home
losangeleslakers 111 oklahomacitythunder 87 home
milwaukeebucks 91 atlantahawks 87 away
denvernuggets 116 utahjazz 102 home
phoenixsuns 99 portlandtrailblazers 90 away
sanantoniospurs 97 dallasmavericks 87 home
atlantahawks 83 milwaukeebucks 69 away
losangeleslakers 95 oklahomacitythunder 94 away
utahjazz 112 denvernuggets 104 home
clevelandcavaliers 101 bostonceltics 93 home
atlantahawks 95 milwaukeebucks 74 home
losangeleslakers 104 utahjazz 99 home
bostonceltics 104 clevelandcavaliers 86 away
phoenixsuns 111 sanantoniospurs 102 home
losangeleslakers 111 utahjazz 103 home
orlandomagic 114 atlantahawks 71 home
phoenixsuns 110 sanantoniospurs 102 home
orlandomagic 112 atlantahawks 98 home
clevelandcavaliers 124 bostonceltics 95 away
phoenixsuns 110 sanantoniospurs 96 away
orlandomagic 105 atlantahawks 75 away
losangeleslakers 111 utahjazz 110 away
bostonceltics 97 clevelandcavaliers 87 home
phoenixsuns 107 sanantoniospurs 101 away
orlandomagic 98 atlantahawks 84 away
losangeleslakers 111 utahjazz 96 away
bostonceltics 120 clevelandcavaliers 88 away
bostonceltics 94 clevelandcavaliers 85 home
bostonceltics 92 orlandomagic 88 away
losangeleslakers 128 phoenixsuns 107 home
bostonceltics 95 orlandomagic 92 away
losangeleslakers 124 phoenixsuns 112 home
bostonceltics 94 orlandomagic 71 home
phoenixsuns 118 losangeleslakers 109 home
orlandomagic 96 bostonceltics 92 away
phoenixsuns 115 losangeleslakers 106 home
orlandomagic 113 bostonceltics 92 home
losangeleslakers 103 phoenixsuns 101 home
bostonceltics 96 orlandomagic 84 home
losangeleslakers 111 phoenixsuns 103 away
losangeleslakers 102 bostonceltics 89 home
bostonceltics 103 losangeleslakers 94 away
losangeleslakers 91 bostonceltics 84 away
bostonceltics 96 losangeleslakers 89 home
bostonceltics 92 losangeleslakers 86 home
losangeleslakers 89 bostonceltics 67 home
losangeleslakers 83 bostonceltics 79 home
