bostonceltics 88 miamiheat 80 home
losangeleslakers 112 houstonrockets 110 home
portlandtrailblazers 106 phoenixsuns 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 95 bostonceltics 87 home
dallasmavericks 101 charlottehornets 86 home
denvernuggets 110 utahjazz 88 home
goldenstatewarriors 132 houstonrockets 128 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 losangelesclippers 88 away
atlantahawks 119 memphisgrizzlies 104 away
sacramentokings 117 minnesotatimberwolves 116 away
brooklynnets 101 detroitpistons 98 home
neworleanspelicans 95 milwaukeebucks 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 chicagobulls 95 home
miamiheat 97 philadelphiaSSers 87 away
sanantoniospurs 122 indianapacers 109 home
newyorkknicks 98 torontoraptors 93 away
orlandomagic 112 washingtonwizards 83 home
phoenixsuns 110 utahjazz 94 away
bostonceltics 105 newyorkknicks 101 home
indianapacers 104 charlottehornets 101 away
memphisgrizzlies 91 dallasmavericks 90 away
oklahomacitythunder 105 detroitpistons 104 away
goldenstatewarriors 109 losangelesclippers 91 home
miamiheat 96 orlandomagic 70 home
minnesotatimberwolves 96 milwaukeebucks 85 home
brooklynnets 106 sacramentokings 100 home
neworleanspelicans 101 denvernuggets 95 home
atlantahawks 104 philadelphiaSSers 101 away
losangeleslakers 114 phoenixsuns 106 away
torontoraptors 101 clevelandcavaliers 81 home
atlantahawks 99 washingtonwizards 95 home
chicagobulls 101 detroitpistons 91 home
sacramentokings 107 clevelandcavaliers 104 away
denvernuggets 107 houstonrockets 94 away
indianapacers 99 philadelphiaSSers 86 home
memphisgrizzlies 109 minnesotatimberwolves 89 home
milwaukeebucks 98 charlottehornets 88 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 newyorkknicks 95 away
neworleanspelicans 99 sanantoniospurs 90 away
dallasmavericks 99 losangelesclippers 83 away
losangeleslakers 107 goldenstatewarriors 83 home
miamiheat 101 brooklynnets 78 away
utahjazz 120 oklahomacitythunder 99 away
chicagobulls 110 portlandtrailblazers 98 home
sanantoniospurs 97 losangelesclippers 88 away
sacramentokings 111 torontoraptors 108 home
atlantahawks 100 clevelandcavaliers 88 away
bostonceltics 109 detroitpistons 86 away
losangeleslakers 124 memphisgrizzlies 105 home
miamiheat 129 minnesotatimberwolves 97 home
portlandtrailblazers 90 milwaukeebucks 76 away
washingtonwizards 116 philadelphiaSSers 115 home
goldenstatewarriors 115 memphisgrizzlies 109 home
neworleanspelicans 107 houstonrockets 99 away
losangelesclippers 107 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
charlottehornets 85 brooklynnets 83 away
orlandomagic 128 minnesotatimberwolves 86 home
philadelphiaSSers 101 indianapacers 75 home
sanantoniospurs 112 phoenixsuns 110 away
losangeleslakers 112 sacramentokings 100 away
utahjazz 125 torontoraptors 108 home
atlantahawks 94 detroitpistons 85 home
bostonceltics 105 milwaukeebucks 102 home
dallasmavericks 102 denvernuggets 101 away
newyorkknicks 120 chicagobulls 112 away
oklahomacitythunder 107 portlandtrailblazers 106 away
bostonceltics 110 chicagobulls 105 home
denvernuggets 111 losangelesclippers 104 home
detroitpistons 97 charlottehornets 90 home
goldenstatewarriors 85 utahjazz 78 home
milwaukeebucks 94 indianapacers 90 away
losangeleslakers 108 torontoraptors 103 home
atlantahawks 113 minnesotatimberwolves 103 away
neworleanspelicans 96 miamiheat 93 home
newyorkknicks 112 washingtonwizards 91 home
orlandomagic 105 brooklynnets 90 home
clevelandcavaliers 123 philadelphiaSSers 116 away
phoenixsuns 123 memphisgrizzlies 118 home
orlandomagic 91 charlottehornets 88 away
denvernuggets 103 dallasmavericks 92 away
miamiheat 101 brooklynnets 89 home
neworleanspelicans 87 milwaukeebucks 81 away
portlandtrailblazers 97 torontoraptors 84 home
memphisgrizzlies 100 sacramentokings 91 away
sanantoniospurs 124 houstonrockets 121 home
utahjazz 109 losangelesclippers 107 home
clevelandcavaliers 107 washingtonwizards 102 away
phoenixsuns 118 atlantahawks 114 away
detroitpistons 102 goldenstatewarriors 97 home
houstonrockets 120 minnesotatimberwolves 94 home
losangeleslakers 121 portlandtrailblazers 96 home
philadelphiaSSers 106 newyorkknicks 96 away
bostonceltics 92 oklahomacitythunder 83 away
sanantoniospurs 95 charlottehornets 91 away
chicagobulls 94 denvernuggets 92 home
dallasmavericks 89 bostonceltics 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 109 phoenixsuns 99 home
orlandomagic 93 atlantahawks 89 home
goldenstatewarriors 109 torontoraptors 102 away
indianapacers 144 denvernuggets 113 home
losangeleslakers 99 minnesotatimberwolves 94 home
utahjazz 116 miamiheat 114 away
milwaukeebucks 107 newyorkknicks 80 home
clevelandcavaliers 93 brooklynnets 91 away
neworleanspelicans 101 losangelesclippers 82 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 detroitpistons 78 home
milwaukeebucks 108 atlantahawks 91 away
brooklynnets 95 clevelandcavaliers 87 away
dallasmavericks 106 memphisgrizzlies 91 away
goldenstatewarriors 122 newyorkknicks 117 away
oklahomacitythunder 109 philadelphiaSSers 103 home
utahjazz 104 orlandomagic 94 away
minnesotatimberwolves 98 sacramentokings 89 away
sanantoniospurs 107 losangelesclippers 95 home
charlottehornets 101 torontoraptors 96 away
washingtonwizards 98 houstonrockets 91 home
chicagobulls 120 goldenstatewarriors 90 home
denvernuggets 118 losangeleslakers 112 home
bostonceltics 112 miamiheat 107 away
utahjazz 90 atlantahawks 86 away
dallasmavericks 99 philadelphiaSSers 90 home
houstonrockets 102 indianapacers 99 away
detroitpistons 113 losangelesclippers 107 away
minnesotatimberwolves 112 newyorkknicks 103 home
oklahomacitythunder 110 portlandtrailblazers 108 home
torontoraptors 110 orlandomagic 106 away
phoenixsuns 103 sacramentokings 89 home
charlottehornets 93 washingtonwizards 85 away
utahjazz 96 charlottehornets 95 away
chicagobulls 103 washingtonwizards 96 home
indianapacers 99 clevelandcavaliers 85 away
bostonceltics 116 memphisgrizzlies 110 away
miamiheat 109 torontoraptors 100 home
milwaukeebucks 79 goldenstatewarriors 72 home
orlandomagic 91 brooklynnets 90 away
neworleanspelicans 107 portlandtrailblazers 87 home
sanantoniospurs 116 philadelphiaSSers 93 home
atlantahawks 111 minnesotatimberwolves 105 home
phoenixsuns 121 losangeleslakers 116 away
houstonrockets 104 newyorkknicks 96 away
sanantoniospurs 117 oklahomacitythunder 104 away
detroitpistons 100 sacramentokings 94 away
charlottehornets 113 minnesotatimberwolves 110 home
dallasmavericks 98 neworleanspelicans 95 home
goldenstatewarriors 101 detroitpistons 97 home
brooklynnets 110 losangelesclippers 96 away
orlandomagic 89 memphisgrizzlies 72 home
phoenixsuns 100 denvernuggets 94 home
oklahomacitythunder 115 utahjazz 108 away
clevelandcavaliers 101 philadelphiaSSers 93 home
denvernuggets 120 newyorkknicks 118 home
chicagobulls 95 houstonrockets 92 away
atlantahawks 102 indianapacers 92 away
portlandtrailblazers 100 memphisgrizzlies 99 away
losangeleslakers 118 milwaukeebucks 107 away
washingtonwizards 109 torontoraptors 94 home
bostonceltics 114 washingtonwizards 83 home
losangeleslakers 103 detroitpistons 90 away
miamiheat 123 phoenixsuns 96 home
minnesotatimberwolves 113 losangelesclippers 111 home
neworleanspelicans 99 dallasmavericks 97 home
oklahomacitythunder 116 houstonrockets 99 home
torontoraptors 94 philadelphiaSSers 86 away
newyorkknicks 113 sacramentokings 106 away
sanantoniospurs 103 chicagobulls 94 home
utahjazz 98 brooklynnets 88 home
indianapacers 107 losangelesclippers 80 home
orlandomagic 105 phoenixsuns 89 home
portlandtrailblazers 86 denvernuggets 83 home
oklahomacitythunder 89 bostonceltics 84 away
chicagobulls 88 dallasmavericks 83 away
newyorkknicks 125 goldenstatewarriors 119 away
miamiheat 95 charlottehornets 87 home
losangeleslakers 112 minnesotatimberwolves 95 away
neworleanspelicans 108 clevelandcavaliers 101 home
philadelphiaSSers 90 milwaukeebucks 79 home
sacramentokings 86 brooklynnets 81 home
torontoraptors 106 houstonrockets 96 home
sanantoniospurs 94 utahjazz 82 away
washingtonwizards 89 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
dallasmavericks 98 atlantahawks 93 away
charlottehornets 123 phoenixsuns 105 home
denvernuggets 107 brooklynnets 103 home
orlandomagic 90 indianapacers 86 away
newyorkknicks 124 losangelesclippers 115 away
memphisgrizzlies 97 miamiheat 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 82 milwaukeebucks 81 away
utahjazz 103 portlandtrailblazers 94 away
sanantoniospurs 116 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
detroitpistons 115 washingtonwizards 110 home
losangeleslakers 117 goldenstatewarriors 89 home
neworleanspelicans 75 sacramentokings 71 away
torontoraptors 102 bostonceltics 101 home
bostonceltics 99 atlantahawks 76 away
denvernuggets 106 goldenstatewarriors 89 away
phoenixsuns 123 houstonrockets 116 away
losangelesclippers 99 neworleanspelicans 95 home
indianapacers 93 miamiheat 77 away
oklahomacitythunder 117 minnesotatimberwolves 107 home
sanantoniospurs 106 orlandomagic 97 home
utahjazz 94 sacramentokings 83 home
dallasmavericks 88 detroitpistons 84 home
indianapacers 100 clevelandcavaliers 89 home
losangeleslakers 98 chicagobulls 91 home
brooklynnets 107 atlantahawks 101 home
newyorkknicks 110 charlottehornets 107 home
washingtonwizards 116 philadelphiaSSers 114 home
bostonceltics 89 brooklynnets 83 home
newyorkknicks 99 charlottehornets 95 away
clevelandcavaliers 83 milwaukeebucks 81 home
houstonrockets 111 goldenstatewarriors 101 home
memphisgrizzlies 105 detroitpistons 84 home
sanantoniospurs 113 minnesotatimberwolves 109 away
dallasmavericks 111 oklahomacitythunder 103 away
orlandomagic 104 miamiheat 95 home
chicagobulls 123 phoenixsuns 115 away
torontoraptors 106 philadelphiaSSers 90 home
utahjazz 105 neworleanspelicans 87 home
atlantahawks 116 washingtonwizards 96 home
losangelesclippers 100 sacramentokings 82 home
bostonceltics 110 torontoraptors 101 home
charlottehornets 99 houstonrockets 89 home
denvernuggets 98 chicagobulls 97 home
detroitpistons 103 milwaukeebucks 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 110 indianapacers 106 away
memphisgrizzlies 116 goldenstatewarriors 111 home
miamiheat 99 philadelphiaSSers 90 home
orlandomagic 111 clevelandcavaliers 100 home
phoenixsuns 116 losangelesclippers 108 home
neworleanspelicans 97 portlandtrailblazers 78 away
dallasmavericks 103 sanantoniospurs 94 away
utahjazz 102 losangeleslakers 96 home
clevelandcavaliers 92 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
dallasmavericks 106 miamiheat 95 home
milwaukeebucks 104 charlottehornets 101 home
goldenstatewarriors 104 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
atlantahawks 99 newyorkknicks 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 102 brooklynnets 86 home
chicagobulls 96 sacramentokings 85 away
orlandomagic 100 washingtonwizards 99 away
denvernuggets 138 phoenixsuns 133 home
newyorkknicks 125 detroitpistons 116 away
houstonrockets 99 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
utahjazz 109 losangelesclippers 97 away
indianapacers 95 losangeleslakers 92 away
brooklynnets 98 portlandtrailblazers 96 home
sanantoniospurs 109 neworleanspelicans 95 away
atlantahawks 96 torontoraptors 78 away
dallasmavericks 101 houstonrockets 91 home
miamiheat 105 washingtonwizards 94 home
oklahomacitythunder 95 neworleanspelicans 89 home
utahjazz 109 milwaukeebucks 88 home
bostonceltics 106 clevelandcavaliers 87 away
sanantoniospurs 118 goldenstatewarriors 98 away
memphisgrizzlies 98 losangeleslakers 96 home
newyorkknicks 111 brooklynnets 100 home
orlandomagic 90 detroitpistons 79 home
philadelphiaSSers 88 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
indianapacers 107 sacramentokings 98 away
atlantahawks 112 memphisgrizzlies 109 home
bostonceltics 99 portlandtrailblazers 95 home
orlandomagic 107 chicagobulls 78 away
dallasmavericks 100 minnesotatimberwolves 86 home
denvernuggets 105 milwaukeebucks 94 home
houstonrockets 109 losangeleslakers 99 home
losangelesclippers 90 sanantoniospurs 85 home
miamiheat 97 detroitpistons 72 home
oklahomacitythunder 123 brooklynnets 120 away
neworleanspelicans 89 charlottehornets 73 home
torontoraptors 127 washingtonwizards 108 home
utahjazz 110 indianapacers 88 home
miamiheat 118 clevelandcavaliers 90 away
phoenixsuns 107 goldenstatewarriors 101 away
atlantahawks 93 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
bostonceltics 104 chicagobulls 92 home
charlottehornets 91 brooklynnets 84 home
denvernuggets 109 losangelesclippers 104 home
orlandomagic 104 detroitpistons 91 away
losangeleslakers 113 sacramentokings 80 home
houstonrockets 127 memphisgrizzlies 111 away
newyorkknicks 100 neworleanspelicans 92 away
phoenixsuns 105 indianapacers 97 home
sanantoniospurs 107 minnesotatimberwolves 101 home
torontoraptors 111 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
dallasmavericks 93 utahjazz 81 away
washingtonwizards 83 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
chicagobulls 119 houstonrockets 116 home
miamiheat 89 atlantahawks 77 home
milwaukeebucks 96 orlandomagic 85 home
minnesotatimberwolves 129 clevelandcavaliers 95 home
philadelphiaSSers 109 charlottehornets 91 home
dallasmavericks 105 sacramentokings 103 away
denvernuggets 108 memphisgrizzlies 107 home
detroitpistons 102 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
bostonceltics 100 brooklynnets 75 away
oklahomacitythunder 114 goldenstatewarriors 109 home
phoenixsuns 125 washingtonwizards 108 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 losangelesclippers 91 home
sanantoniospurs 109 neworleanspelicans 84 home
newyorkknicks 116 torontoraptors 99 away
chicagobulls 99 oklahomacitythunder 90 home
indianapacers 124 torontoraptors 100 home
losangelesclippers 98 sacramentokings 91 home
miamiheat 88 milwaukeebucks 78 away
newyorkknicks 121 minnesotatimberwolves 114 home
atlantahawks 80 orlandomagic 74 away
utahjazz 94 memphisgrizzlies 85 home
losangeleslakers 115 washingtonwizards 108 home
philadelphiaSSers 117 clevelandcavaliers 97 home
portlandtrailblazers 106 phoenixsuns 99 home
atlantahawks 116 brooklynnets 101 home
charlottehornets 100 denvernuggets 98 home
dallasmavericks 105 goldenstatewarriors 100 home
houstonrockets 97 detroitpistons 83 home
bostonceltics 105 denvernuggets 89 home
chicagobulls 88 clevelandcavaliers 83 away
losangeleslakers 87 losangelesclippers 86 home
milwaukeebucks 97 indianapacers 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 111 minnesotatimberwolves 103 away
neworleanspelicans 93 detroitpistons 74 home
newyorkknicks 113 torontoraptors 110 home
memphisgrizzlies 104 phoenixsuns 98 away
sacramentokings 116 washingtonwizards 91 home
sanantoniospurs 111 goldenstatewarriors 94 home
miamiheat 111 utahjazz 98 away
dallasmavericks 102 brooklynnets 89 home
bostonceltics 102 philadelphiaSSers 101 away
portlandtrailblazers 97 orlandomagic 83 home
chicagobulls 88 losangeleslakers 84 home
miamiheat 106 goldenstatewarriors 84 away
indianapacers 100 charlottehornets 92 home
milwaukeebucks 97 houstonrockets 91 home
minnesotatimberwolves 109 detroitpistons 99 home
oklahomacitythunder 97 neworleanspelicans 92 away
portlandtrailblazers 101 phoenixsuns 94 away
sanantoniospurs 108 atlantahawks 92 home
denvernuggets 123 torontoraptors 116 away
utahjazz 117 orlandomagic 105 home
newyorkknicks 101 washingtonwizards 95 away
atlantahawks 97 indianapacers 83 home
bostonceltics 93 charlottehornets 62 away
chicagobulls 113 minnesotatimberwolves 82 home
dallasmavericks 103 utahjazz 97 home
torontoraptors 120 detroitpistons 116 away
houstonrockets 110 clevelandcavaliers 95 home
memphisgrizzlies 84 losangelesclippers 83 away
miamiheat 104 sacramentokings 83 away
orlandomagic 94 losangelesclippers 85 away
losangeleslakers 99 brooklynnets 92 away
newyorkknicks 129 denvernuggets 125 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 clevelandcavaliers 77 home
philadelphiaSSers 88 neworleanspelicans 70 home
sanantoniospurs 95 portlandtrailblazers 78 home
chicagobulls 92 indianapacers 73 home
milwaukeebucks 103 dallasmavericks 99 away
memphisgrizzlies 86 portlandtrailblazers 73 home
miamiheat 96 neworleanspelicans 84 home
utahjazz 108 goldenstatewarriors 95 home
charlottehornets 97 torontoraptors 91 home
denvernuggets 111 orlandomagic 94 home
detroitpistons 103 atlantahawks 80 home
goldenstatewarriors 108 minnesotatimberwolves 99 home
houstonrockets 118 sacramentokings 105 home
philadelphiaSSers 82 brooklynnets 77 away
losangeleslakers 103 washingtonwizards 89 away
dallasmavericks 103 portlandtrailblazers 98 home
losangeleslakers 109 indianapacers 94 away
memphisgrizzlies 113 charlottehornets 80 home
miamiheat 101 clevelandcavaliers 95 home
neworleanspelicans 94 sacramentokings 91 home
bostonceltics 118 newyorkknicks 116 away
oklahomacitythunder 117 houstonrockets 105 home
philadelphiaSSers 105 losangelesclippers 91 home
phoenixsuns 128 minnesotatimberwolves 122 home
sanantoniospurs 92 milwaukeebucks 90 home
chicagobulls 110 torontoraptors 93 away
bostonceltics 102 atlantahawks 90 home
sanantoniospurs 113 denvernuggets 112 away
brooklynnets 97 washingtonwizards 89 home
atlantahawks 90 charlottehornets 85 home
dallasmavericks 106 phoenixsuns 91 home
losangelesclippers 109 detroitpistons 88 away
houstonrockets 103 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
indianapacers 108 clevelandcavaliers 99 home
neworleanspelicans 100 utahjazz 71 home
miamiheat 113 newyorkknicks 91 away
oklahomacitythunder 102 sacramentokings 87 home
losangeleslakers 93 philadelphiaSSers 81 away
portlandtrailblazers 107 minnesotatimberwolves 102 home
torontoraptors 98 brooklynnets 92 home
losangelesclippers 100 chicagobulls 99 away
clevelandcavaliers 109 newyorkknicks 102 home
denvernuggets 115 minnesotatimberwolves 113 home
utahjazz 95 milwaukeebucks 86 away
philadelphiaSSers 97 orlandomagic 89 away
portlandtrailblazers 96 goldenstatewarriors 95 home
sanantoniospurs 112 memphisgrizzlies 106 home
miamiheat 95 washingtonwizards 94 away
bostonceltics 99 indianapacers 88 home
detroitpistons 111 neworleanspelicans 108 home
brooklynnets 89 atlantahawks 82 home
phoenixsuns 113 oklahomacitythunder 110 away
houstonrockets 102 sacramentokings 93 away
losangeleslakers 120 torontoraptors 110 away
atlantahawks 91 orlandomagic 81 home
utahjazz 101 clevelandcavaliers 90 away
houstonrockets 121 goldenstatewarriors 112 away
indianapacers 94 neworleanspelicans 93 home
losangelesclippers 113 minnesotatimberwolves 90 home
dallasmavericks 98 miamiheat 96 away
portlandtrailblazers 106 milwaukeebucks 80 home
sanantoniospurs 118 phoenixsuns 110 home
washingtonwizards 108 charlottehornets 75 home
oklahomacitythunder 99 charlottehornets 81 away
chicagobulls 121 philadelphiaSSers 76 home
milwaukeebucks 98 losangeleslakers 79 away
brooklynnets 101 memphisgrizzlies 94 away
dallasmavericks 105 orlandomagic 99 away
goldenstatewarriors 117 sacramentokings 109 away
atlantahawks 98 clevelandcavaliers 84 home
bostonceltics 84 philadelphiaSSers 80 home
houstonrockets 97 losangelesclippers 92 away
utahjazz 112 minnesotatimberwolves 107 away
neworleanspelicans 105 brooklynnets 91 home
newyorkknicks 112 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
sanantoniospurs 109 denvernuggets 103 home
detroitpistons 115 torontoraptors 93 away
chicagobulls 87 washingtonwizards 80 away
orlandomagic 123 sanantoniospurs 101 home
miamiheat 95 phoenixsuns 83 away
milwaukeebucks 84 sacramentokings 79 away
goldenstatewarriors 109 portlandtrailblazers 102 home
miamiheat 96 losangeleslakers 80 away
newyorkknicks 103 chicagobulls 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 114 denvernuggets 106 home
orlandomagic 86 bostonceltics 78 home
minnesotatimberwolves 98 clevelandcavaliers 97 away
philadelphiaSSers 95 denvernuggets 89 away
chicagobulls 95 detroitpistons 92 away
memphisgrizzlies 104 indianapacers 90 away
losangelesclippers 108 phoenixsuns 103 home
neworleanspelicans 93 atlantahawks 86 home
sanantoniospurs 94 washingtonwizards 80 home
charlottehornets 105 detroitpistons 100 home
goldenstatewarriors 110 philadelphiaSSers 95 home
houstonrockets 100 washingtonwizards 93 home
memphisgrizzlies 96 torontoraptors 85 home
atlantahawks 95 milwaukeebucks 80 away
minnesotatimberwolves 113 neworleanspelicans 98 home
orlandomagic 104 brooklynnets 88 away
dallasmavericks 103 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
losangelesclippers 100 sacramentokings 99 away
portlandtrailblazers 96 utahjazz 91 away
chicagobulls 90 milwaukeebucks 77 home
orlandomagic 110 clevelandcavaliers 95 away
torontoraptors 84 dallasmavericks 76 away
denvernuggets 95 portlandtrailblazers 77 home
bostonceltics 95 indianapacers 83 away
miamiheat 106 newyorkknicks 98 home
sanantoniospurs 97 losangeleslakers 82 home
atlantahawks 103 goldenstatewarriors 93 home
charlottehornets 101 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
detroitpistons 104 bostonceltics 92 home
miamiheat 125 houstonrockets 119 away
utahjazz 103 losangelesclippers 95 away
denvernuggets 119 minnesotatimberwolves 113 away
losangeleslakers 103 neworleanspelicans 88 away
oklahomacitythunder 114 brooklynnets 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 123 phoenixsuns 110 away
sacramentokings 100 memphisgrizzlies 98 home
washingtonwizards 104 indianapacers 90 home
sanantoniospurs 99 dallasmavericks 93 away
orlandomagic 112 newyorkknicks 103 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 utahjazz 89 home
neworleanspelicans 83 bostonceltics 81 away
goldenstatewarriors 96 charlottehornets 95 away
chicagobulls 90 brooklynnets 81 home
houstonrockets 114 torontoraptors 105 home
indianapacers 95 washingtonwizards 86 home
losangeleslakers 102 philadelphiaSSers 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 atlantahawks 94 home
phoenixsuns 92 detroitpistons 75 home
chicagobulls 100 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
denvernuggets 104 sacramentokings 86 home
miamiheat 114 goldenstatewarriors 107 home
milwaukeebucks 99 dallasmavericks 87 home
minnesotatimberwolves 103 brooklynnets 88 home
sanantoniospurs 101 oklahomacitythunder 74 home
utahjazz 98 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
neworleanspelicans 92 washingtonwizards 81 away
dallasmavericks 104 clevelandcavaliers 95 away
atlantahawks 107 losangelesclippers 98 away
memphisgrizzlies 104 losangeleslakers 85 away
newyorkknicks 98 indianapacers 92 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 houstonrockets 85 home
sacramentokings 94 phoenixsuns 89 home
bostonceltics 93 torontoraptors 79 away
bostonceltics 96 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
miamiheat 96 charlottehornets 82 away
denvernuggets 113 houstonrockets 106 home
neworleanspelicans 84 philadelphiaSSers 77 home
orlandomagic 110 goldenstatewarriors 90 home
utahjazz 102 detroitpistons 97 home
chicagobulls 111 torontoraptors 91 home
dallasmavericks 84 portlandtrailblazers 81 home
losangeleslakers 108 detroitpistons 83 home
memphisgrizzlies 110 oklahomacitythunder 105 home
miamiheat 101 milwaukeebucks 89 home
newyorkknicks 128 sanantoniospurs 115 home
atlantahawks 108 sacramentokings 102 away
bostonceltics 105 sanantoniospurs 103 home
torontoraptors 120 clevelandcavaliers 105 away
portlandtrailblazers 103 houstonrockets 100 away
losangelesclippers 106 denvernuggets 93 home
charlottehornets 108 minnesotatimberwolves 105 away
brooklynnets 96 chicagobulls 94 home
goldenstatewarriors 110 neworleanspelicans 103 away
orlandomagic 97 milwaukeebucks 87 home
philadelphiaSSers 109 washingtonwizards 97 home
losangeleslakers 99 phoenixsuns 95 away
atlantahawks 110 utahjazz 87 away
oklahomacitythunder 99 dallasmavericks 95 away
sacramentokings 122 denvernuggets 102 home
bostonceltics 122 torontoraptors 102 home
goldenstatewarriors 116 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
sanantoniospurs 90 indianapacers 87 away
losangeleslakers 101 neworleanspelicans 97 home
memphisgrizzlies 110 utahjazz 99 home
miamiheat 101 milwaukeebucks 95 away
portlandtrailblazers 108 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
orlandomagic 110 houstonrockets 95 home
philadelphiaSSers 105 chicagobulls 99 home
newyorkknicks 121 phoenixsuns 96 away
washingtonwizards 97 brooklynnets 77 home
atlantahawks 108 indianapacers 93 home
charlottehornets 104 washingtonwizards 89 home
chicagobulls 90 bostonceltics 79 home
orlandomagic 117 dallasmavericks 107 away
detroitpistons 112 philadelphiaSSers 109 home
utahjazz 103 houstonrockets 99 away
milwaukeebucks 115 brooklynnets 92 away
oklahomacitythunder 109 memphisgrizzlies 100 home
neworleanspelicans 96 denvernuggets 87 away
losangelesclippers 105 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
losangeleslakers 109 newyorkknicks 87 home
phoenixsuns 108 clevelandcavaliers 100 home
miamiheat 107 portlandtrailblazers 100 away
sanantoniospurs 94 minnesotatimberwolves 91 home
torontoraptors 118 sacramentokings 112 home
houstonrockets 108 bostonceltics 102 away
charlottehornets 96 memphisgrizzlies 82 home
chicagobulls 95 detroitpistons 82 home
denvernuggets 132 phoenixsuns 98 home
losangeleslakers 112 clevelandcavaliers 57 home
sanantoniospurs 107 minnesotatimberwolves 96 away
indianapacers 111 philadelphiaSSers 103 away
newyorkknicks 100 portlandtrailblazers 86 away
washingtonwizards 136 sacramentokings 133 home
neworleanspelicans 92 orlandomagic 89 home
phoenixsuns 118 brooklynnets 109 home
atlantahawks 104 torontoraptors 101 away
utahjazz 131 newyorkknicks 125 home
bostonceltics 119 sacramentokings 95 home
charlottehornets 96 chicagobulls 91 home
memphisgrizzlies 107 detroitpistons 99 away
losangeleslakers 115 goldenstatewarriors 110 away
oklahomacitythunder 118 houstonrockets 112 away
indianapacers 102 dallasmavericks 89 home
losangelesclippers 111 miamiheat 105 home
sanantoniospurs 91 milwaukeebucks 84 away
denvernuggets 130 miamiheat 102 home
minnesotatimberwolves 109 washingtonwizards 97 home
oklahomacitythunder 125 orlandomagic 124 home
bostonceltics 99 charlottehornets 94 home
goldenstatewarriors 122 losangelesclippers 112 home
neworleanspelicans 110 houstonrockets 105 away
chicagobulls 99 indianapacers 86 away
losangeleslakers 100 brooklynnets 88 home
sacramentokings 93 newyorkknicks 83 away
philadelphiaSSers 95 milwaukeebucks 94 home
phoenixsuns 115 portlandtrailblazers 111 home
sanantoniospurs 101 dallasmavericks 89 home
detroitpistons 101 torontoraptors 95 away
utahjazz 121 clevelandcavaliers 99 home
houstonrockets 112 atlantahawks 106 away
neworleanspelicans 88 charlottehornets 81 away
chicagobulls 99 miamiheat 96 home
denvernuggets 127 clevelandcavaliers 99 home
detroitpistons 110 sacramentokings 106 home
memphisgrizzlies 89 dallasmavericks 70 home
orlandomagic 108 minnesotatimberwolves 99 away
portlandtrailblazers 96 brooklynnets 89 home
washingtonwizards 98 torontoraptors 95 home
losangelesclippers 99 losangeleslakers 92 home
sanantoniospurs 110 denvernuggets 97 home
atlantahawks 100 sacramentokings 98 home
bostonceltics 109 orlandomagic 106 home
detroitpistons 103 dallasmavericks 89 home
goldenstatewarriors 109 brooklynnets 100 home
houstonrockets 93 milwaukeebucks 84 home
losangelesclippers 114 indianapacers 107 home
losangeleslakers 101 oklahomacitythunder 94 home
chicagobulls 96 memphisgrizzlies 84 away
neworleanspelicans 85 torontoraptors 81 home
phoenixsuns 129 newyorkknicks 121 away
philadelphiaSSers 96 charlottehornets 92 home
portlandtrailblazers 113 minnesotatimberwolves 102 home
washingtonwizards 108 utahjazz 101 home
charlottehornets 83 chicagobulls 82 away
atlantahawks 93 miamiheat 89 away
bostonceltics 86 detroitpistons 82 home
phoenixsuns 106 clevelandcavaliers 98 away
dallasmavericks 109 losangeleslakers 100 home
denvernuggets 112 oklahomacitythunder 107 home
goldenstatewarriors 110 indianapacers 108 home
houstonrockets 104 newyorkknicks 89 home
losangelesclippers 126 minnesotatimberwolves 111 home
milwaukeebucks 100 washingtonwizards 87 home
brooklynnets 103 utahjazz 95 home
neworleanspelicans 103 memphisgrizzlies 102 home
orlandomagic 99 philadelphiaSSers 98 home
portlandtrailblazers 94 sacramentokings 90 away
sanantoniospurs 104 torontoraptors 95 home
charlottehornets 100 philadelphiaSSers 97 home
chicagobulls 82 dallasmavericks 77 home
portlandtrailblazers 108 losangelesclippers 93 home
neworleanspelicans 100 atlantahawks 59 away
bostonceltics 110 utahjazz 86 home
milwaukeebucks 102 clevelandcavaliers 88 away
losangeleslakers 107 denvernuggets 97 away
goldenstatewarriors 119 sacramentokings 112 home
memphisgrizzlies 115 houstonrockets 110 home
brooklynnets 89 detroitpistons 74 home
orlandomagic 112 torontoraptors 72 home
sanantoniospurs 101 newyorkknicks 92 home
phoenixsuns 109 washingtonwizards 91 away
atlantahawks 103 charlottehornets 87 away
chicagobulls 92 clevelandcavaliers 79 home
detroitpistons 75 phoenixsuns 74 home
orlandomagic 118 houstonrockets 104 away
losangelesclippers 113 goldenstatewarriors 109 home
miamiheat 120 torontoraptors 103 home
memphisgrizzlies 94 milwaukeebucks 81 away
dallasmavericks 87 brooklynnets 86 away
neworleanspelicans 96 sanantoniospurs 72 home
oklahomacitythunder 101 newyorkknicks 98 home
philadelphiaSSers 96 utahjazz 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 97 indianapacers 92 home
washingtonwizards 85 bostonceltics 83 home
denvernuggets 121 indianapacers 107 home
chicagobulls 92 milwaukeebucks 83 home
sanantoniospurs 113 goldenstatewarriors 102 away
houstonrockets 129 minnesotatimberwolves 125 away
brooklynnets 103 clevelandcavaliers 101 home
neworleanspelicans 91 oklahomacitythunder 89 home
newyorkknicks 115 washingtonwizards 106 home
detroitpistons 103 orlandomagic 96 away
philadelphiaSSers 105 phoenixsuns 95 home
sacramentokings 96 portlandtrailblazers 81 away
memphisgrizzlies 100 torontoraptors 98 away
bostonceltics 112 clevelandcavaliers 95 home
dallasmavericks 112 losangelesclippers 105 home
losangeleslakers 120 utahjazz 91 home
charlottehornets 94 sacramentokings 89 away
denvernuggets 120 washingtonwizards 109 away
denvernuggets 109 detroitpistons 100 away
neworleanspelicans 112 goldenstatewarriors 103 away
houstonrockets 96 losangelesclippers 83 home
orlandomagic 111 indianapacers 96 away
milwaukeebucks 98 atlantahawks 90 home
oklahomacitythunder 118 minnesotatimberwolves 117 away
brooklynnets 93 memphisgrizzlies 88 home
charlottehornets 114 phoenixsuns 107 away
philadelphiaSSers 107 torontoraptors 94 away
sanantoniospurs 112 utahjazz 105 away
dallasmavericks 111 houstonrockets 106 home
newyorkknicks 93 miamiheat 88 home
bostonceltics 88 portlandtrailblazers 78 away
atlantahawks 111 newyorkknicks 102 home
chicagobulls 99 orlandomagic 90 home
denvernuggets 117 clevelandcavaliers 103 away
charlottehornets 121 goldenstatewarriors 113 away
indianapacers 124 brooklynnets 92 home
sacramentokings 100 losangeleslakers 95 away
miamiheat 88 detroitpistons 87 home
oklahomacitythunder 124 washingtonwizards 117 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 philadelphiaSSers 94 away
phoenixsuns 88 bostonceltics 71 home
milwaukeebucks 116 torontoraptors 110 away
utahjazz 108 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
chicagobulls 110 indianapacers 89 home
dallasmavericks 102 atlantahawks 91 home
losangelesclippers 103 charlottehornets 88 home
memphisgrizzlies 107 washingtonwizards 93 home
milwaukeebucks 91 brooklynnets 81 home
minnesotatimberwolves 103 torontoraptors 87 home
sacramentokings 102 neworleanspelicans 96 home
sanantoniospurs 108 houstonrockets 95 home
goldenstatewarriors 96 utahjazz 81 home
bostonceltics 109 losangeleslakers 96 away
newyorkknicks 124 detroitpistons 106 home
miamiheat 108 oklahomacitythunder 103 away
orlandomagic 103 clevelandcavaliers 87 home
philadelphiaSSers 110 denvernuggets 99 home
phoenixsuns 104 neworleanspelicans 102 home
dallasmavericks 102 washingtonwizards 92 home
indianapacers 104 torontoraptors 93 home
losangelesclippers 105 milwaukeebucks 98 home
memphisgrizzlies 100 orlandomagic 97 home
miamiheat 117 clevelandcavaliers 90 home
brooklynnets 115 denvernuggets 99 home
utahjazz 83 charlottehornets 78 home
losangeleslakers 114 houstonrockets 106 home
neworleanspelicans 97 washingtonwizards 89 home
portlandtrailblazers 99 sanantoniospurs 86 home
bostonceltics 95 sacramentokings 90 away
atlantahawks 100 torontoraptors 87 home
indianapacers 117 clevelandcavaliers 112 away
denvernuggets 109 portlandtrailblazers 90 home
charlottehornets 97 detroitpistons 87 away
chicagobulls 106 losangelesclippers 88 away
memphisgrizzlies 102 minnesotatimberwolves 84 away
philadelphiaSSers 106 brooklynnets 92 away
dallasmavericks 113 newyorkknicks 97 away
oklahomacitythunder 104 neworleanspelicans 93 home
phoenixsuns 92 milwaukeebucks 77 home
houstonrockets 97 utahjazz 96 away
goldenstatewarriors 100 milwaukeebucks 94 home
sanantoniospurs 89 losangeleslakers 88 away
miamiheat 104 orlandomagic 100 away
atlantahawks 101 losangelesclippers 100 home
dallasmavericks 101 bostonceltics 97 away
miamiheat 109 charlottehornets 97 away
utahjazz 113 denvernuggets 106 away
detroitpistons 92 brooklynnets 82 home
indianapacers 100 portlandtrailblazers 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 112 clevelandcavaliers 105 home
philadelphiaSSers 100 newyorkknicks 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 111 phoenixsuns 107 away
sanantoniospurs 113 sacramentokings 100 away
torontoraptors 111 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
orlandomagic 110 washingtonwizards 92 away
dallasmavericks 101 charlottehornets 92 away
portlandtrailblazers 111 clevelandcavaliers 105 away
goldenstatewarriors 101 chicagobulls 90 home
houstonrockets 95 memphisgrizzlies 93 home
detroitpistons 89 milwaukeebucks 78 away
denvernuggets 113 minnesotatimberwolves 100 away
losangeleslakers 101 neworleanspelicans 95 away
oklahomacitythunder 121 utahjazz 105 away
atlantahawks 99 washingtonwizards 92 away
bostonceltics 91 orlandomagic 80 home
miamiheat 97 losangelesclippers 79 home
indianapacers 105 brooklynnets 86 away
newyorkknicks 117 philadelphiaSSers 103 home
charlottehornets 94 bostonceltics 89 home
dallasmavericks 99 clevelandcavaliers 96 home
houstonrockets 108 denvernuggets 103 away
phoenixsuns 104 goldenstatewarriors 92 away
losangeleslakers 93 memphisgrizzlies 84 away
minnesotatimberwolves 104 neworleanspelicans 92 away
portlandtrailblazers 109 chicagobulls 103 home
utahjazz 107 sacramentokings 104 away
philadelphiaSSers 117 atlantahawks 83 away
sanantoniospurs 100 detroitpistons 89 away
minnesotatimberwolves 112 houstonrockets 108 away
miamiheat 117 indianapacers 112 home
milwaukeebucks 92 torontoraptors 74 home
memphisgrizzlies 105 oklahomacitythunder 101 away
orlandomagic 101 losangelesclippers 85 home
detroitpistons 103 clevelandcavaliers 94 away
goldenstatewarriors 116 denvernuggets 114 home
indianapacers 104 charlottehornets 103 home
brooklynnets 103 neworleanspelicans 101 home
losangelesclippers 116 newyorkknicks 108 away
orlandomagic 99 philadelphiaSSers 95 away
dallasmavericks 102 sacramentokings 100 away
sanantoniospurs 111 torontoraptors 100 away
chicagobulls 91 utahjazz 86 away
washingtonwizards 100 milwaukeebucks 85 home
losangeleslakers 92 bostonceltics 86 away
denvernuggets 121 dallasmavericks 120 home
phoenixsuns 112 goldenstatewarriors 88 home
brooklynnets 94 charlottehornets 89 away
clevelandcavaliers 126 losangelesclippers 119 home
miamiheat 106 detroitpistons 92 away
indianapacers 116 minnesotatimberwolves 105 home
memphisgrizzlies 89 milwaukeebucks 86 home
losangeleslakers 113 newyorkknicks 96 away
neworleanspelicans 99 orlandomagic 93 away
philadelphiaSSers 77 sanantoniospurs 71 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 torontoraptors 96 away
phoenixsuns 95 utahjazz 83 away
charlottehornets 88 atlantahawks 86 away
dallasmavericks 106 houstonrockets 102 away
indianapacers 103 milwaukeebucks 97 away
philadelphiaSSers 107 minnesotatimberwolves 87 away
newyorkknicks 105 brooklynnets 95 away
chicagobulls 97 neworleanspelicans 88 away
oklahomacitythunder 99 sacramentokings 97 away
sanantoniospurs 118 washingtonwizards 94 away
bostonceltics 85 miamiheat 82 home
washingtonwizards 115 clevelandcavaliers 100 away
portlandtrailblazers 105 detroitpistons 100 away
goldenstatewarriors 100 oklahomacitythunder 94 home
memphisgrizzlies 116 denvernuggets 108 home
orlandomagic 89 losangeleslakers 75 home
sacramentokings 113 phoenixsuns 108 away
torontoraptors 98 losangelesclippers 93 home
charlottehornets 109 losangeleslakers 89 home
atlantahawks 94 detroitpistons 79 away
houstonrockets 121 denvernuggets 102 home
milwaukeebucks 102 losangelesclippers 78 home
portlandtrailblazers 95 minnesotatimberwolves 81 away
sanantoniospurs 102 brooklynnets 85 away
chicagobulls 106 charlottehornets 94 home
goldenstatewarriors 102 neworleanspelicans 89 home
miamiheat 110 indianapacers 103 away
memphisgrizzlies 102 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 126 sacramentokings 96 home
phoenixsuns 102 utahjazz 101 home
clevelandcavaliers 104 losangeleslakers 99 home
dallasmavericks 116 sacramentokings 100 home
detroitpistons 115 indianapacers 109 home
philadelphiaSSers 114 houstonrockets 105 away
denvernuggets 94 milwaukeebucks 87 away
losangelesclippers 98 minnesotatimberwolves 90 away
newyorkknicks 102 atlantahawks 90 home
orlandomagic 101 washingtonwizards 76 home
portlandtrailblazers 103 neworleanspelicans 96 home
miamiheat 103 torontoraptors 95 away
goldenstatewarriors 107 utahjazz 100 away
bostonceltics 94 brooklynnets 80 home
chicagobulls 109 sanantoniospurs 99 home
dallasmavericks 112 phoenixsuns 106 away
charlottehornets 114 torontoraptors 101 home
denvernuggets 120 memphisgrizzlies 107 home
houstonrockets 108 detroitpistons 100 away
bostonceltics 115 goldenstatewarriors 93 away
losangeleslakers 104 atlantahawks 80 home
miamiheat 117 sacramentokings 97 home
milwaukeebucks 94 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 111 losangelesclippers 88 home
indianapacers 113 washingtonwizards 96 away
houstonrockets 124 clevelandcavaliers 119 away
dallasmavericks 118 utahjazz 99 home
indianapacers 102 detroitpistons 101 home
memphisgrizzlies 104 minnesotatimberwolves 95 away
neworleanspelicans 98 losangelesclippers 87 home
newyorkknicks 114 milwaukeebucks 108 home
sacramentokings 111 orlandomagic 105 away
philadelphiaSSers 117 washingtonwizards 94 home
phoenixsuns 105 atlantahawks 97 home
losangeleslakers 106 portlandtrailblazers 101 away
sanantoniospurs 109 oklahomacitythunder 105 home
torontoraptors 118 chicagobulls 113 home
chicagobulls 93 miamiheat 89 home
denvernuggets 89 bostonceltics 75 home
charlottehornets 110 sacramentokings 98 home
clevelandcavaliers 115 newyorkknicks 109 home
atlantahawks 95 goldenstatewarriors 79 away
utahjazz 95 indianapacers 84 away
losangeleslakers 108 losangelesclippers 95 home
miamiheat 121 washingtonwizards 113 home
neworleanspelicans 95 minnesotatimberwolves 81 away
orlandomagic 111 oklahomacitythunder 88 home
philadelphiaSSers 110 detroitpistons 94 home
portlandtrailblazers 107 denvernuggets 106 home
sanantoniospurs 106 brooklynnets 96 home
phoenixsuns 110 torontoraptors 92 away
detroitpistons 120 utahjazz 116 home
houstonrockets 123 brooklynnets 108 home
bostonceltics 99 losangelesclippers 92 away
memphisgrizzlies 120 sacramentokings 92 home
chicagobulls 83 milwaukeebucks 75 away
dallasmavericks 105 washingtonwizards 99 away
philadelphiaSSers 95 clevelandcavaliers 91 away
phoenixsuns 110 indianapacers 108 away
newyorkknicks 91 miamiheat 86 away
minnesotatimberwolves 126 goldenstatewarriors 123 home
houstonrockets 91 neworleanspelicans 89 away
losangeleslakers 90 oklahomacitythunder 87 away
orlandomagic 100 charlottehornets 86 home
atlantahawks 90 portlandtrailblazers 83 away
sanantoniospurs 95 memphisgrizzlies 88 home
dallasmavericks 114 torontoraptors 96 away
denvernuggets 100 atlantahawks 90 home
phoenixsuns 104 brooklynnets 103 away
sacramentokings 105 losangelesclippers 99 home
bostonceltics 107 utahjazz 102 away
chicagobulls 105 washingtonwizards 77 away
indianapacers 109 goldenstatewarriors 100 home
memphisgrizzlies 109 sanantoniospurs 93 home
milwaukeebucks 92 detroitpistons 90 home
losangeleslakers 90 minnesotatimberwolves 79 away
orlandomagic 116 newyorkknicks 110 home
dallasmavericks 101 philadelphiaSSers 93 away
houstonrockets 103 portlandtrailblazers 87 away
torontoraptors 96 neworleanspelicans 90 home
atlantahawks 83 chicagobulls 80 home
bostonceltics 115 phoenixsuns 103 home
sanantoniospurs 109 clevelandcavaliers 99 away
denvernuggets 120 charlottehornets 80 home
minnesotatimberwolves 116 detroitpistons 105 away
losangelesclippers 106 houstonrockets 103 home
newyorkknicks 107 neworleanspelicans 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 113 indianapacers 89 home
portlandtrailblazers 107 sacramentokings 102 away
goldenstatewarriors 106 washingtonwizards 102 away
orlandomagic 99 miamiheat 96 away
denvernuggets 103 utahjazz 101 away
oklahomacitythunder 111 atlantahawks 104 away
bostonceltics 107 goldenstatewarriors 103 home
dallasmavericks 116 indianapacers 108 home
losangeleslakers 92 charlottehornets 84 home
neworleanspelicans 98 memphisgrizzlies 91 away
phoenixsuns 102 milwaukeebucks 88 away
brooklynnets 116 torontoraptors 103 home
clevelandcavaliers 119 newyorkknicks 115 away
chicagobulls 89 orlandomagic 81 away
philadelphiaSSers 111 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
sanantoniospurs 125 miamiheat 95 home
houstonrockets 112 indianapacers 95 home
losangelesclippers 100 denvernuggets 94 home
brooklynnets 137 torontoraptors 136 home
portlandtrailblazers 93 charlottehornets 69 home
utahjazz 109 sacramentokings 102 home
washingtonwizards 103 minnesotatimberwolves 96 home
newyorkknicks 92 atlantahawks 79 away
neworleanspelicans 96 clevelandcavaliers 81 away
memphisgrizzlies 104 dallasmavericks 103 away
detroitpistons 113 washingtonwizards 102 home
chicagobulls 87 miamiheat 86 away
bostonceltics 89 milwaukeebucks 83 away
oklahomacitythunder 122 phoenixsuns 118 home
philadelphiaSSers 125 goldenstatewarriors 117 home
losangeleslakers 99 sanantoniospurs 83 away
losangelesclippers 92 charlottehornets 87 away
chicagobulls 85 neworleanspelicans 77 home
memphisgrizzlies 107 oklahomacitythunder 101 home
dallasmavericks 108 minnesotatimberwolves 105 away
newyorkknicks 131 utahjazz 109 home
portlandtrailblazers 89 orlandomagic 85 away
houstonrockets 123 sacramentokings 101 away
losangeleslakers 101 atlantahawks 87 away
goldenstatewarriors 95 clevelandcavaliers 85 away
philadelphiaSSers 110 indianapacers 100 away
portlandtrailblazers 105 miamiheat 96 away
phoenixsuns 113 houstonrockets 110 home
milwaukeebucks 95 washingtonwizards 76 away
losangelesclippers 108 bostonceltics 103 away
chicagobulls 101 charlottehornets 84 away
newyorkknicks 110 memphisgrizzlies 108 away
milwaukeebucks 110 clevelandcavaliers 90 home
minnesotatimberwolves 101 indianapacers 75 home
brooklynnets 94 goldenstatewarriors 90 home
neworleanspelicans 93 dallasmavericks 92 home
oklahomacitythunder 110 philadelphiaSSers 105 away
orlandomagic 106 sacramentokings 102 away
sanantoniospurs 111 detroitpistons 104 home
utahjazz 96 torontoraptors 94 away
dallasmavericks 127 newyorkknicks 109 home
miamiheat 94 losangeleslakers 88 home
denvernuggets 116 phoenixsuns 97 away
charlottehornets 97 portlandtrailblazers 92 home
chicagobulls 94 atlantahawks 76 home
goldenstatewarriors 123 orlandomagic 120 home
minnesotatimberwolves 122 utahjazz 101 home
brooklynnets 102 losangelesclippers 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 detroitpistons 94 home
philadelphiaSSers 89 bostonceltics 86 home
sanantoniospurs 108 sacramentokings 103 home
torontoraptors 108 indianapacers 98 home
atlantahawks 91 portlandtrailblazers 82 home
chicagobulls 118 utahjazz 100 home
losangeleslakers 96 dallasmavericks 91 away
denvernuggets 131 detroitpistons 101 home
sanantoniospurs 115 houstonrockets 107 away
miamiheat 118 memphisgrizzlies 85 home
milwaukeebucks 102 philadelphiaSSers 74 home
neworleanspelicans 115 sacramentokings 103 home
losangelesclippers 122 washingtonwizards 101 away
bostonceltics 87 milwaukeebucks 56 home
oklahomacitythunder 95 clevelandcavaliers 75 away
goldenstatewarriors 100 minnesotatimberwolves 77 home
indianapacers 106 newyorkknicks 93 away
orlandomagic 111 phoenixsuns 88 away
charlottehornets 95 torontoraptors 90 away
houstonrockets 95 phoenixsuns 93 home
losangeleslakers 97 orlandomagic 84 home
memphisgrizzlies 105 losangelesclippers 82 home
miamiheat 110 sanantoniospurs 80 home
brooklynnets 88 bostonceltics 79 home
denvernuggets 114 neworleanspelicans 103 away
sacramentokings 129 goldenstatewarriors 119 home
utahjazz 112 philadelphiaSSers 107 home
oklahomacitythunder 116 washingtonwizards 89 away
chicagobulls 98 washingtonwizards 79 home
indianapacers 119 newyorkknicks 117 home
portlandtrailblazers 104 dallasmavericks 101 home
atlantahawks 110 milwaukeebucks 85 home
denvernuggets 102 atlantahawks 87 away
bostonceltics 92 indianapacers 80 home
detroitpistons 107 torontoraptors 93 home
dallasmavericks 112 goldenstatewarriors 106 away
houstonrockets 94 charlottehornets 78 home
philadelphiaSSers 104 losangelesclippers 94 away
oklahomacitythunder 96 miamiheat 85 away
orlandomagic 93 milwaukeebucks 89 away
neworleanspelicans 100 phoenixsuns 95 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 sacramentokings 93 away
utahjazz 119 minnesotatimberwolves 104 home
chicagobulls 84 brooklynnets 73 away
newyorkknicks 120 memphisgrizzlies 99 home
portlandtrailblazers 111 clevelandcavaliers 70 home
miamiheat 106 atlantahawks 85 away
sanantoniospurs 97 dallasmavericks 91 away
detroitpistons 99 newyorkknicks 95 home
houstonrockets 93 bostonceltics 77 home
indianapacers 115 chicagobulls 108 home
losangeleslakers 106 minnesotatimberwolves 98 home
milwaukeebucks 110 brooklynnets 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 99 charlottehornets 82 home
orlandomagic 85 denvernuggets 82 home
phoenixsuns 108 goldenstatewarriors 97 home
philadelphiaSSers 102 sacramentokings 80 away
torontoraptors 116 washingtonwizards 107 home
losangelesclippers 100 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 indianapacers 78 home
miamiheat 103 denvernuggets 98 home
bostonceltics 89 neworleanspelicans 85 away
portlandtrailblazers 110 philadelphiaSSers 101 home
sanantoniospurs 109 charlottehornets 98 home
atlantahawks 104 detroitpistons 96 home
dallasmavericks 101 goldenstatewarriors 73 home
houstonrockets 110 utahjazz 108 home
phoenixsuns 108 losangelesclippers 99 away
losangeleslakers 84 portlandtrailblazers 80 home
milwaukeebucks 100 newyorkknicks 95 home
sacramentokings 127 minnesotatimberwolves 95 away
torontoraptors 95 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
washingtonwizards 98 brooklynnets 92 home
chicagobulls 132 sacramentokings 92 home
orlandomagic 97 clevelandcavaliers 86 away
denvernuggets 123 torontoraptors 90 home
memphisgrizzlies 103 utahjazz 85 home
indianapacers 102 brooklynnets 98 away
bostonceltics 96 newyorkknicks 86 away
sanantoniospurs 111 goldenstatewarriors 96 home
chicagobulls 114 atlantahawks 81 away
losangeleslakers 139 phoenixsuns 137 home
portlandtrailblazers 111 washingtonwizards 76 home
memphisgrizzlies 90 bostonceltics 87 away
indianapacers 111 charlottehornets 88 away
brooklynnets 98 clevelandcavaliers 94 away
denvernuggets 115 sanantoniospurs 112 home
miamiheat 100 detroitpistons 94 away
houstonrockets 131 goldenstatewarriors 112 home
losangelesclippers 127 washingtonwizards 119 home
sacramentokings 97 milwaukeebucks 90 away
orlandomagic 111 newyorkknicks 99 away
oklahomacitythunder 106 utahjazz 94 home
philadelphiaSSers 105 atlantahawks 100 home
phoenixsuns 114 torontoraptors 106 home
dallasmavericks 104 minnesotatimberwolves 96 home
neworleanspelicans 121 utahjazz 117 away
charlottehornets 83 bostonceltics 81 away
chicagobulls 99 memphisgrizzlies 96 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 detroitpistons 91 home
denvernuggets 114 washingtonwizards 94 home
goldenstatewarriors 138 torontoraptors 100 home
sacramentokings 110 indianapacers 93 away
losangeleslakers 112 losangelesclippers 104 home
miamiheat 111 philadelphiaSSers 99 home
milwaukeebucks 102 newyorkknicks 96 away
oklahomacitythunder 111 minnesotatimberwolves 103 home
orlandomagic 95 brooklynnets 85 home
neworleanspelicans 106 phoenixsuns 100 away
portlandtrailblazers 98 sanantoniospurs 96 home
atlantahawks 98 brooklynnets 87 home
charlottehornets 114 newyorkknicks 106 home
detroitpistons 100 indianapacers 88 home
losangelesclippers 94 torontoraptors 90 home
chicagobulls 95 milwaukeebucks 87 away
dallasmavericks 94 utahjazz 77 away
atlantahawks 99 clevelandcavaliers 83 away
goldenstatewarriors 114 washingtonwizards 104 home
losangeleslakers 102 neworleanspelicans 84 home
memphisgrizzlies 111 sanantoniospurs 104 home
miamiheat 125 houstonrockets 119 home
bostonceltics 85 minnesotatimberwolves 82 away
oklahomacitythunder 99 portlandtrailblazers 90 home
sacramentokings 114 philadelphiaSSers 111 away
dallasmavericks 91 phoenixsuns 83 away
charlottehornets 87 milwaukeebucks 86 home
philadelphiaSSers 97 chicagobulls 85 away
indianapacers 107 bostonceltics 100 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 sanantoniospurs 92 away
washingtonwizards 100 utahjazz 95 away
newyorkknicks 113 orlandomagic 106 home
clevelandcavaliers 102 miamiheat 90 home
houstonrockets 112 brooklynnets 87 away
oklahomacitythunder 115 goldenstatewarriors 114 home
sacramentokings 116 phoenixsuns 113 home
atlantahawks 85 orlandomagic 82 home
charlottehornets 98 clevelandcavaliers 97 home
denvernuggets 104 sacramentokings 90 home
indianapacers 111 detroitpistons 101 home
dallasmavericks 106 losangelesclippers 100 away
memphisgrizzlies 110 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
chicagobulls 108 minnesotatimberwolves 91 away
neworleanspelicans 95 portlandtrailblazers 91 home
newyorkknicks 120 brooklynnets 116 home
philadelphiaSSers 108 houstonrockets 97 home
oklahomacitythunder 116 phoenixsuns 98 away
milwaukeebucks 104 torontoraptors 98 away
miamiheat 123 washingtonwizards 107 away
losangeleslakers 110 dallasmavericks 82 home
bostonceltics 107 sanantoniospurs 97 away
atlantahawks 88 bostonceltics 83 home
chicagobulls 101 detroitpistons 96 away
houstonrockets 119 sanantoniospurs 114 home
indianapacers 89 milwaukeebucks 88 home
miamiheat 111 minnesotatimberwolves 92 away
memphisgrizzlies 93 neworleanspelicans 81 away
orlandomagic 89 charlottehornets 77 home
philadelphiaSSers 115 brooklynnets 90 home
phoenixsuns 111 losangelesclippers 98 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 oklahomacitythunder 91 home
denvernuggets 99 sacramentokings 90 away
losangeleslakers 96 utahjazz 85 away
washingtonwizards 115 clevelandcavaliers 107 home
chicagobulls 113 torontoraptors 106 home
goldenstatewarriors 99 dallasmavericks 92 home
losangelesclippers 98 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 106 minnesotatimberwolves 89 home
milwaukeebucks 93 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
bostonceltics 101 detroitpistons 90 home
washingtonwizards 97 charlottehornets 91 away
houstonrockets 114 atlantahawks 109 home
denvernuggets 95 losangeleslakers 90 away
miamiheat 108 brooklynnets 94 away
neworleanspelicans 108 indianapacers 96 home
newyorkknicks 123 clevelandcavaliers 107 home
portlandtrailblazers 104 dallasmavericks 96 home
sacramentokings 106 utahjazz 97 home
sanantoniospurs 114 phoenixsuns 97 home
torontoraptors 102 orlandomagic 98 home
sanantoniospurs 97 atlantahawks 90 away
bostonceltics 99 philadelphiaSSers 82 home
chicagobulls 97 phoenixsuns 94 home
clevelandcavaliers 99 charlottehornets 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 101 denvernuggets 94 away
sacramentokings 104 houstonrockets 101 away
utahjazz 86 losangeleslakers 85 away
losangelesclippers 82 memphisgrizzlies 81 away
brooklynnets 107 minnesotatimberwolves 105 home
newyorkknicks 131 torontoraptors 118 home
orlandomagic 78 milwaukeebucks 72 home
goldenstatewarriors 108 portlandtrailblazers 87 away
washingtonwizards 107 detroitpistons 105 home
orlandomagic 111 charlottehornets 102 away
denvernuggets 104 dallasmavericks 96 away
detroitpistons 116 brooklynnets 109 home
goldenstatewarriors 95 losangeleslakers 87 home
indianapacers 136 washingtonwizards 112 home
milwaukeebucks 90 miamiheat 85 away
phoenixsuns 108 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
neworleanspelicans 101 houstonrockets 93 home
oklahomacitythunder 112 losangelesclippers 108 home
newyorkknicks 97 philadelphiaSSers 92 away
sanantoniospurs 124 sacramentokings 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 104 torontoraptors 96 away
chicagobulls 97 bostonceltics 81 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 utahjazz 87 away
bostonceltics 104 washingtonwizards 88 home
chicagobulls 93 clevelandcavaliers 82 away
dallasmavericks 107 losangelesclippers 96 home
detroitpistons 110 milwaukeebucks 100 home
indianapacers 114 atlantahawks 102 home
memphisgrizzlies 101 sacramentokings 96 home
miamiheat 112 charlottehornets 103 home
newyorkknicks 116 brooklynnets 93 away
neworleanspelicans 109 phoenixsuns 97 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 denvernuggets 89 home
philadelphiaSSers 98 torontoraptors 93 home
portlandtrailblazers 93 losangeleslakers 86 home
denvernuggets 130 minnesotatimberwolves 106 home
houstonrockets 99 losangelesclippers 78 home
milwaukeebucks 108 clevelandcavaliers 101 home
sanantoniospurs 111 utahjazz 102 home
washingtonwizards 115 atlantahawks 83 home
detroitpistons 112 charlottehornets 101 away
dallasmavericks 115 phoenixsuns 90 home
sacramentokings 104 goldenstatewarriors 103 away
newyorkknicks 110 indianapacers 109 away
oklahomacitythunder 120 losangeleslakers 106 away
memphisgrizzlies 111 neworleanspelicans 89 home
miamiheat 100 bostonceltics 77 home
chicagobulls 102 orlandomagic 99 away
torontoraptors 99 brooklynnets 92 home
miamiheat 98 atlantahawks 90 away
denvernuggets 134 goldenstatewarriors 111 home
clevelandcavaliers 110 detroitpistons 101 away
dallasmavericks 98 houstonrockets 91 away
milwaukeebucks 93 torontoraptors 86 home
charlottehornets 105 brooklynnets 103 away
utahjazz 90 neworleanspelicans 78 away
orlandomagic 95 philadelphiaSSers 85 away
phoenixsuns 135 minnesotatimberwolves 127 home
oklahomacitythunder 120 sacramentokings 112 away
washingtonwizards 95 bostonceltics 94 home
losangeleslakers 102 sanantoniospurs 93 home
chicagobulls 103 newyorkknicks 90 away
portlandtrailblazers 102 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
bostonceltics 112 newyorkknicks 102 home
charlottehornets 96 atlantahawks 85 home
chicagobulls 97 brooklynnets 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 100 washingtonwizards 93 home
dallasmavericks 121 neworleanspelicans 89 home
goldenstatewarriors 110 portlandtrailblazers 86 home
losangelesclippers 110 memphisgrizzlies 103 home
houstonrockets 121 minnesotatimberwolves 102 away
milwaukeebucks 110 oklahomacitythunder 106 away
orlandomagic 92 indianapacers 74 home
detroitpistons 104 philadelphiaSSers 100 away
phoenixsuns 106 sanantoniospurs 103 home
losangeleslakers 116 sacramentokings 108 away
miamiheat 97 torontoraptors 79 away
utahjazz 107 denvernuggets 103 home
playoffs
chicagobulls 104 indianapacers 99 home
miamiheat 97 philadelphiaSSers 89 home
atlantahawks 103 orlandomagic 93 away
dallasmavericks 89 portlandtrailblazers 81 home
memphisgrizzlies 101 sanantoniospurs 98 away
neworleanspelicans 109 losangeleslakers 100 away
bostonceltics 87 newyorkknicks 85 home
oklahomacitythunder 107 denvernuggets 103 home
miamiheat 94 philadelphiaSSers 73 home
chicagobulls 96 indianapacers 90 home
bostonceltics 96 newyorkknicks 93 home
orlandomagic 88 atlantahawks 82 home
dallasmavericks 101 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 denvernuggets 89 home
sanantoniospurs 93 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
losangeleslakers 87 neworleanspelicans 78 home
chicagobulls 88 indianapacers 84 away
miamiheat 100 philadelphiaSSers 94 away
portlandtrailblazers 97 dallasmavericks 92 home
bostonceltics 113 newyorkknicks 96 away
atlantahawks 88 orlandomagic 84 home
losangeleslakers 100 neworleanspelicans 86 away
indianapacers 89 chicagobulls 84 home
portlandtrailblazers 84 dallasmavericks 82 home
memphisgrizzlies 91 sanantoniospurs 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 97 denvernuggets 94 away
philadelphiaSSers 86 miamiheat 82 home
bostonceltics 101 newyorkknicks 89 away
atlantahawks 88 orlandomagic 85 home
neworleanspelicans 93 losangeleslakers 88 home
denvernuggets 104 oklahomacitythunder 101 home
memphisgrizzlies 104 sanantoniospurs 86 home
dallasmavericks 93 portlandtrailblazers 82 home
chicagobulls 116 indianapacers 89 home
orlandomagic 101 atlantahawks 76 home
losangeleslakers 106 neworleanspelicans 90 home
sanantoniospurs 110 memphisgrizzlies 103 home
miamiheat 97 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 100 denvernuggets 97 home
losangeleslakers 98 neworleanspelicans 80 away
atlantahawks 84 orlandomagic 81 home
dallasmavericks 103 portlandtrailblazers 96 away
memphisgrizzlies 99 sanantoniospurs 91 home
memphisgrizzlies 114 oklahomacitythunder 101 away
miamiheat 99 bostonceltics 90 home
atlantahawks 103 chicagobulls 95 away
dallasmavericks 96 losangeleslakers 94 away
miamiheat 102 bostonceltics 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 111 memphisgrizzlies 102 home
dallasmavericks 93 losangeleslakers 81 away
chicagobulls 86 atlantahawks 73 home
chicagobulls 99 atlantahawks 82 away
dallasmavericks 98 losangeleslakers 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 101 oklahomacitythunder 93 home
bostonceltics 97 miamiheat 81 home
dallasmavericks 122 losangeleslakers 86 home
atlantahawks 100 chicagobulls 88 home
miamiheat 98 bostonceltics 90 away
oklahomacitythunder 133 memphisgrizzlies 123 away
chicagobulls 95 atlantahawks 83 home
oklahomacitythunder 99 memphisgrizzlies 72 home
miamiheat 97 bostonceltics 87 home
chicagobulls 93 atlantahawks 73 away
memphisgrizzlies 95 oklahomacitythunder 83 home
oklahomacitythunder 105 memphisgrizzlies 90 home
chicagobulls 103 miamiheat 82 home
dallasmavericks 121 oklahomacitythunder 112 home
miamiheat 85 chicagobulls 75 away
oklahomacitythunder 106 dallasmavericks 100 away
dallasmavericks 93 oklahomacitythunder 87 away
miamiheat 96 chicagobulls 85 home
dallasmavericks 112 oklahomacitythunder 105 away
miamiheat 101 chicagobulls 93 home
dallasmavericks 100 oklahomacitythunder 96 home
miamiheat 83 chicagobulls 80 away
miamiheat 92 dallasmavericks 84 home
dallasmavericks 95 miamiheat 93 away
miamiheat 88 dallasmavericks 86 away
dallasmavericks 86 miamiheat 83 home
dallasmavericks 112 miamiheat 103 home
dallasmavericks 105 miamiheat 95 away
