newyorkknicks 106 bostonceltics 104 home
losangelesclippers 105 goldenstatewarriors 86 away
chicagobulls 88 losangeleslakers 87 away
miamiheat 105 dallasmavericks 94 away
oklahomacitythunder 97 orlandomagic 89 home
denvernuggets 115 dallasmavericks 93 away
charlottehornets 96 milwaukeebucks 95 home
brooklynnets 90 washingtonwizards 84 away
neworleanspelicans 85 phoenixsuns 84 away
torontoraptors 104 clevelandcavaliers 96 away
indianapacers 91 detroitpistons 79 home
sacramentokings 100 losangeleslakers 91 home
sanantoniospurs 95 memphisgrizzlies 82 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 minnesotatimberwolves 100 away
goldenstatewarriors 99 chicagobulls 91 home
orlandomagic 104 houstonrockets 95 home
portlandtrailblazers 107 philadelphiaSSers 103 home
atlantahawks 106 brooklynnets 70 away
miamiheat 115 bostonceltics 107 home
portlandtrailblazers 101 sacramentokings 79 home
losangeleslakers 96 utahjazz 71 home
milwaukeebucks 98 minnesotatimberwolves 95 home
indianapacers 90 torontoraptors 85 away
sanantoniospurs 115 losangelesclippers 90 home
oklahomacitythunder 98 memphisgrizzlies 95 away
clevelandcavaliers 105 detroitpistons 89 away
miamiheat 96 charlottehornets 95 away
denvernuggets 117 utahjazz 100 home
atlantahawks 101 washingtonwizards 83 home
neworleanspelicans 97 bostonceltics 78 home
goldenstatewarriors 92 newyorkknicks 78 home
philadelphiaSSers 103 phoenixsuns 83 away
oklahomacitythunder 104 dallasmavericks 102 home
orlandomagic 94 brooklynnets 78 home
portlandtrailblazers 111 denvernuggets 102 home
houstonrockets 105 sanantoniospurs 85 home
chicagobulls 108 sacramentokings 98 away
losangeleslakers 99 newyorkknicks 82 home
bostonceltics 96 detroitpistons 85 home
atlantahawks 105 brooklynnets 98 home
phoenixsuns 93 neworleanspelicans 78 away
milwaukeebucks 102 washingtonwizards 81 home
indianapacers 98 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
memphisgrizzlies 113 houstonrockets 93 home
orlandomagic 100 charlottehornets 79 away
chicagobulls 114 losangelesclippers 101 away
miamiheat 103 minnesotatimberwolves 101 away
utahjazz 102 philadelphiaSSers 99 home
dallasmavericks 99 torontoraptors 86 home
losangeleslakers 92 denvernuggets 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 107 phoenixsuns 97 home
sanantoniospurs 104 utahjazz 89 home
detroitpistons 96 indianapacers 88 home
houstonrockets 95 atlantahawks 84 home
newyorkknicks 114 sacramentokings 92 away
philadelphiaSSers 107 goldenstatewarriors 79 away
bostonceltics 94 washingtonwizards 86 away
minnesotatimberwolves 99 dallasmavericks 82 home
denvernuggets 99 losangeleslakers 90 home
clevelandcavaliers 98 brooklynnets 82 home
sacramentokings 96 neworleanspelicans 80 home
losangelesclippers 93 portlandtrailblazers 88 home
orlandomagic 102 torontoraptors 96 home
miamiheat 129 charlottehornets 90 home
chicagobulls 104 memphisgrizzlies 64 home
indianapacers 108 brooklynnets 94 away
utahjazz 94 neworleanspelicans 90 home
dallasmavericks 100 oklahomacitythunder 87 home
detroitpistons 89 orlandomagic 78 home
minnesotatimberwolves 106 sanantoniospurs 96 home
bostonceltics 100 washingtonwizards 92 home
atlantahawks 100 miamiheat 92 away
phoenixsuns 102 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
torontoraptors 90 newyorkknicks 85 away
denvernuggets 91 milwaukeebucks 86 home
chicagobulls 76 atlantahawks 74 home
clevelandcavaliers 115 charlottehornets 101 home
losangeleslakers 108 houstonrockets 99 home
memphisgrizzlies 113 sacramentokings 96 home
portlandtrailblazers 103 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
utahjazz 85 milwaukeebucks 73 home
charlottehornets 118 newyorkknicks 110 away
torontoraptors 92 clevelandcavaliers 77 home
sanantoniospurs 101 goldenstatewarriors 95 home
losangelesclippers 117 houstonrockets 89 home
miamiheat 118 indianapacers 83 home
memphisgrizzlies 90 minnesotatimberwolves 86 away
dallasmavericks 98 phoenixsuns 89 home
denvernuggets 110 sacramentokings 83 home
chicagobulls 99 detroitpistons 83 away
bostonceltics 89 brooklynnets 70 home
orlandomagic 103 washingtonwizards 85 home
philadelphiaSSers 101 neworleanspelicans 93 away
portlandtrailblazers 107 losangeleslakers 96 home
sanantoniospurs 93 dallasmavericks 71 home
miamiheat 116 atlantahawks 109 away
sacramentokings 103 milwaukeebucks 100 home
chicagobulls 97 orlandomagic 83 away
denvernuggets 96 neworleanspelicans 88 away
philadelphiaSSers 96 detroitpistons 73 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 houstonrockets 94 home
indianapacers 87 bostonceltics 74 away
utahjazz 94 memphisgrizzlies 85 home
newyorkknicks 99 washingtonwizards 96 away
phoenixsuns 102 portlandtrailblazers 77 home
atlantahawks 102 charlottehornets 96 away
losangeleslakers 97 goldenstatewarriors 90 home
brooklynnets 97 torontoraptors 85 away
clevelandcavaliers 98 minnesotatimberwolves 87 away
indianapacers 99 charlottehornets 77 home
atlantahawks 109 chicagobulls 94 home
sanantoniospurs 121 denvernuggets 117 home
miamiheat 101 brooklynnets 90 away
newyorkknicks 103 detroitpistons 80 away
oklahomacitythunder 98 houstonrockets 95 away
utahjazz 88 goldenstatewarriors 87 away
dallasmavericks 96 neworleanspelicans 81 home
philadelphiaSSers 97 torontoraptors 62 home
losangelesclippers 92 milwaukeebucks 86 home
losangeleslakers 90 memphisgrizzlies 82 home
oklahomacitythunder 108 sanantoniospurs 96 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 clevelandcavaliers 78 home
phoenixsuns 109 milwaukeebucks 93 home
minnesotatimberwolves 93 washingtonwizards 72 away
orlandomagic 104 sacramentokings 97 away
atlantahawks 106 brooklynnets 101 away
newyorkknicks 91 charlottehornets 87 home
philadelphiaSSers 96 indianapacers 86 home
neworleanspelicans 94 denvernuggets 81 away
chicagobulls 92 detroitpistons 68 home
torontoraptors 97 minnesotatimberwolves 87 home
portlandtrailblazers 105 losangelesclippers 97 home
oklahomacitythunder 100 memphisgrizzlies 95 away
washingtonwizards 93 torontoraptors 78 home
losangeleslakers 99 phoenixsuns 83 home
chicagobulls 111 minnesotatimberwolves 100 away
utahjazz 113 clevelandcavaliers 105 home
dallasmavericks 100 detroitpistons 86 away
houstonrockets 82 charlottehornets 70 away
goldenstatewarriors 111 miamiheat 106 home
milwaukeebucks 106 sanantoniospurs 103 home
philadelphiaSSers 112 sacramentokings 85 home
indianapacers 96 atlantahawks 84 home
losangeleslakers 90 utahjazz 87 away
oklahomacitythunder 95 neworleanspelicans 85 away
chicagobulls 78 washingtonwizards 64 home
sanantoniospurs 101 houstonrockets 95 home
newyorkknicks 85 philadelphiaSSers 79 home
dallasmavericks 90 bostonceltics 85 away
losangelesclippers 95 miamiheat 89 home
denvernuggets 123 brooklynnets 115 home
orlandomagic 107 portlandtrailblazers 104 away
sacramentokings 98 torontoraptors 91 away
atlantahawks 111 charlottehornets 81 home
milwaukeebucks 102 detroitpistons 93 home
clevelandcavaliers 101 phoenixsuns 90 away
memphisgrizzlies 94 newyorkknicks 83 home
orlandomagic 117 goldenstatewarriors 109 away
chicagobulls 88 bostonceltics 79 away
detroitpistons 98 charlottehornets 81 away
indianapacers 95 torontoraptors 90 away
minnesotatimberwolves 87 neworleanspelicans 80 away
sanantoniospurs 99 portlandtrailblazers 83 home
houstonrockets 103 sacramentokings 89 home
philadelphiaSSers 120 washingtonwizards 89 home
losangeleslakers 97 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
denvernuggets 117 miamiheat 104 home
dallasmavericks 102 milwaukeebucks 76 home
brooklynnets 110 phoenixsuns 103 away
indianapacers 97 bostonceltics 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 103 washingtonwizards 90 away
houstonrockets 107 portlandtrailblazers 105 home
dallasmavericks 99 sacramentokings 60 home
chicagobulls 77 torontoraptors 64 home
losangelesclippers 102 losangeleslakers 94 home
memphisgrizzlies 108 neworleanspelicans 99 home
charlottehornets 112 goldenstatewarriors 100 home
atlantahawks 93 minnesotatimberwolves 91 home
utahjazz 107 brooklynnets 94 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 newyorkknicks 92 home
sanantoniospurs 102 phoenixsuns 91 home
utahjazz 106 denvernuggets 96 away
goldenstatewarriors 99 detroitpistons 91 away
clevelandcavaliers 102 charlottehornets 94 away
losangeleslakers 73 dallasmavericks 70 home
philadelphiaSSers 94 milwaukeebucks 82 home
orlandomagic 102 newyorkknicks 93 away
portlandtrailblazers 84 neworleanspelicans 77 away
minnesotatimberwolves 99 sacramentokings 86 home
atlantahawks 93 torontoraptors 84 home
memphisgrizzlies 102 chicagobulls 86 home
houstonrockets 114 washingtonwizards 106 away
losangelesclippers 101 brooklynnets 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 97 bostonceltics 88 away
utahjazz 108 losangelesclippers 79 home
orlandomagic 96 charlottehornets 89 home
denvernuggets 105 milwaukeebucks 95 away
houstonrockets 97 detroitpistons 80 home
goldenstatewarriors 105 clevelandcavaliers 95 away
chicagobulls 118 phoenixsuns 97 home
miamiheat 120 sanantoniospurs 98 home
losangelesclippers 91 dallasmavericks 89 home
memphisgrizzlies 93 neworleanspelicans 87 away
bostonceltics 96 torontoraptors 73 home
denvernuggets 108 philadelphiaSSers 104 away
minnesotatimberwolves 93 detroitpistons 85 home
brooklynnets 107 goldenstatewarriors 100 home
sacramentokings 92 indianapacers 88 home
washingtonwizards 105 oklahomacitythunder 102 home
phoenixsuns 91 newyorkknicks 88 away
atlantahawks 92 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
sanantoniospurs 85 orlandomagic 83 away
dallasmavericks 94 utahjazz 91 away
houstonrockets 90 neworleanspelicans 88 home
miamiheat 98 losangeleslakers 87 home
philadelphiaSSers 90 atlantahawks 76 home
milwaukeebucks 100 newyorkknicks 86 away
minnesotatimberwolves 101 losangelesclippers 98 away
sacramentokings 88 sanantoniospurs 86 away
chicagobulls 114 clevelandcavaliers 75 away
denvernuggets 108 washingtonwizards 104 away
indianapacers 94 goldenstatewarriors 91 away
orlandomagic 92 losangeleslakers 80 home
memphisgrizzlies 98 detroitpistons 81 away
phoenixsuns 79 bostonceltics 71 away
portlandtrailblazers 94 torontoraptors 84 away
chicagobulls 95 charlottehornets 89 home
atlantahawks 121 clevelandcavaliers 94 home
miamiheat 113 philadelphiaSSers 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 128 sacramentokings 95 home
dallasmavericks 83 neworleanspelicans 81 away
utahjazz 108 minnesotatimberwolves 98 home
houstonrockets 105 sanantoniospurs 102 home
denvernuggets 119 newyorkknicks 114 away
oklahomacitythunder 84 brooklynnets 74 away
detroitpistons 94 portlandtrailblazers 91 home
bostonceltics 100 washingtonwizards 94 away
brooklynnets 97 charlottehornets 87 home
milwaukeebucks 91 miamiheat 82 away
indianapacers 98 losangeleslakers 96 away
losangelesclippers 103 torontoraptors 91 home
atlantahawks 97 milwaukeebucks 92 away
houstonrockets 107 minnesotatimberwolves 92 away
memphisgrizzlies 91 goldenstatewarriors 90 away
chicagobulls 110 brooklynnets 95 home
bostonceltics 87 orlandomagic 56 home
dallasmavericks 93 phoenixsuns 87 home
portlandtrailblazers 101 sacramentokings 89 home
philadelphiaSSers 103 washingtonwizards 83 home
sanantoniospurs 104 neworleanspelicans 102 away
oklahomacitythunder 99 detroitpistons 79 home
miamiheat 92 clevelandcavaliers 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 97 memphisgrizzlies 84 home
newyorkknicks 111 charlottehornets 78 away
orlandomagic 102 indianapacers 83 away
torontoraptors 99 phoenixsuns 96 away
goldenstatewarriors 101 portlandtrailblazers 93 home
washingtonwizards 92 charlottehornets 75 home
indianapacers 95 chicagobulls 90 away
losangeleslakers 96 losangelesclippers 91 home
brooklynnets 97 philadelphiaSSers 90 away
sanantoniospurs 105 atlantahawks 83 home
milwaukeebucks 105 houstonrockets 99 away
torontoraptors 111 utahjazz 106 away
denvernuggets 122 sacramentokings 93 away
miamiheat 101 detroitpistons 98 away
minnesotatimberwolves 105 dallasmavericks 90 away
oklahomacitythunder 101 neworleanspelicans 91 home
clevelandcavaliers 91 newyorkknicks 81 home
bostonceltics 91 orlandomagic 83 away
losangelesclippers 98 memphisgrizzlies 91 home
atlantahawks 107 detroitpistons 101 away
philadelphiaSSers 89 charlottehornets 72 home
bostonceltics 94 indianapacers 87 home
brooklynnets 99 clevelandcavaliers 96 away
miamiheat 99 newyorkknicks 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 120 goldenstatewarriors 109 away
portlandtrailblazers 109 phoenixsuns 71 home
minnesotatimberwolves 87 sanantoniospurs 79 home
dallasmavericks 116 utahjazz 101 home
chicagobulls 107 milwaukeebucks 100 home
neworleanspelicans 93 orlandomagic 67 home
denvernuggets 96 torontoraptors 81 home
houstonrockets 103 washingtonwizards 76 home
philadelphiaSSers 95 detroitpistons 74 home
phoenixsuns 86 memphisgrizzlies 84 home
utahjazz 96 sacramentokings 93 home
washingtonwizards 102 charlottehornets 99 away
milwaukeebucks 100 losangeleslakers 89 home
houstonrockets 97 newyorkknicks 84 home
miamiheat 97 chicagobulls 93 home
clevelandcavaliers 88 bostonceltics 87 away
indianapacers 106 orlandomagic 85 away
losangelesclippers 109 denvernuggets 105 away
losangeleslakers 106 minnesotatimberwolves 101 away
dallasmavericks 101 sanantoniospurs 100 home
torontoraptors 94 brooklynnets 73 away
atlantahawks 94 neworleanspelicans 72 away
chicagobulls 98 washingtonwizards 88 away
dallasmavericks 122 phoenixsuns 99 away
minnesotatimberwolves 120 houstonrockets 108 away
losangelesclippers 112 oklahomacitythunder 100 home
philadelphiaSSers 74 orlandomagic 69 home
milwaukeebucks 103 detroitpistons 82 home
utahjazz 93 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
sanantoniospurs 83 memphisgrizzlies 73 away
miamiheat 109 neworleanspelicans 95 home
atlantahawks 100 torontoraptors 77 away
bostonceltics 93 clevelandcavaliers 90 away
memphisgrizzlies 100 denvernuggets 97 home
newyorkknicks 113 detroitpistons 86 home
indianapacers 106 brooklynnets 99 home
goldenstatewarriors 93 sacramentokings 90 home
losangeleslakers 106 charlottehornets 73 home
philadelphiaSSers 98 chicagobulls 82 home
brooklynnets 99 detroitpistons 96 home
losangelesclippers 107 utahjazz 105 away
milwaukeebucks 105 miamiheat 97 home
oklahomacitythunder 95 dallasmavericks 86 away
phoenixsuns 120 neworleanspelicans 103 away
sanantoniospurs 99 houstonrockets 91 home
bostonceltics 100 torontoraptors 64 home
orlandomagic 109 washingtonwizards 103 home
portlandtrailblazers 112 charlottehornets 68 home
indianapacers 109 minnesotatimberwolves 99 away
chicagobulls 105 newyorkknicks 102 away
denvernuggets 112 losangelesclippers 91 away
sacramentokings 95 portlandtrailblazers 92 home
goldenstatewarriors 119 utahjazz 101 home
sanantoniospurs 93 neworleanspelicans 81 home
memphisgrizzlies 96 atlantahawks 77 away
orlandomagic 102 clevelandcavaliers 94 home
losangeleslakers 93 denvernuggets 89 away
oklahomacitythunder 101 memphisgrizzlies 94 home
miamiheat 99 philadelphiaSSers 79 away
houstonrockets 99 phoenixsuns 81 home
torontoraptors 106 washingtonwizards 89 home
detroitpistons 88 milwaukeebucks 80 home
bostonceltics 91 newyorkknicks 89 home
indianapacers 98 dallasmavericks 87 away
minnesotatimberwolves 108 brooklynnets 105 away
minnesotatimberwolves 100 houstonrockets 91 home
utahjazz 96 losangeleslakers 87 home
sanantoniospurs 107 oklahomacitythunder 96 home
orlandomagic 85 indianapacers 81 away
philadelphiaSSers 98 atlantahawks 87 away
chicagobulls 113 milwaukeebucks 90 away
portlandtrailblazers 117 denvernuggets 97 home
sacramentokings 114 goldenstatewarriors 106 home
newyorkknicks 99 brooklynnets 92 home
phoenixsuns 95 charlottehornets 89 home
clevelandcavaliers 91 dallasmavericks 88 home
losangelesclippers 107 washingtonwizards 81 away
detroitpistons 89 neworleanspelicans 87 home
miamiheat 95 torontoraptors 89 home
bostonceltics 98 memphisgrizzlies 80 home
chicagobulls 108 brooklynnets 87 away
houstonrockets 99 denvernuggets 90 away
sacramentokings 100 neworleanspelicans 92 away
washingtonwizards 111 torontoraptors 108 home
oklahomacitythunder 111 portlandtrailblazers 107 away
sanantoniospurs 89 memphisgrizzlies 84 away
losangelesclippers 107 orlandomagic 102 away
philadelphiaSSers 95 losangeleslakers 90 home
phoenixsuns 99 atlantahawks 90 away
newyorkknicks 99 utahjazz 88 home
bostonceltics 94 charlottehornets 84 home
miamiheat 107 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 119 goldenstatewarriors 116 away
minnesotatimberwolves 86 sacramentokings 84 home
phoenixsuns 107 milwaukeebucks 105 away
indianapacers 104 utahjazz 99 home
dallasmavericks 105 denvernuggets 95 away
detroitpistons 99 brooklynnets 92 away
houstonrockets 103 portlandtrailblazers 96 away
atlantahawks 97 indianapacers 87 home
milwaukeebucks 105 torontoraptors 99 away
memphisgrizzlies 85 minnesotatimberwolves 80 home
newyorkknicks 107 washingtonwizards 93 away
orlandomagic 102 miamiheat 89 home
chicagobulls 90 neworleanspelicans 67 away
clevelandcavaliers 99 losangelesclippers 92 home
sanantoniospurs 100 philadelphiaSSers 90 away
goldenstatewarriors 109 denvernuggets 101 away
houstonrockets 96 phoenixsuns 89 away
sacramentokings 106 oklahomacitythunder 101 home
losangeleslakers 88 bostonceltics 87 away
chicagobulls 95 charlottehornets 64 away
dallasmavericks 104 minnesotatimberwolves 97 away
detroitpistons 109 brooklynnets 92 home
portlandtrailblazers 94 neworleanspelicans 86 away
atlantahawks 89 orlandomagic 87 away
torontoraptors 86 bostonceltics 74 home
miamiheat 106 washingtonwizards 89 away
milwaukeebucks 113 clevelandcavaliers 112 away
oklahomacitythunder 101 utahjazz 87 away
memphisgrizzlies 98 indianapacers 92 home
losangelesclippers 78 philadelphiaSSers 77 away
newyorkknicks 92 losangeleslakers 85 home
orlandomagic 99 milwaukeebucks 94 away
philadelphiaSSers 99 clevelandcavaliers 84 away
dallasmavericks 97 portlandtrailblazers 94 home
phoenixsuns 98 sacramentokings 84 away
denvernuggets 113 indianapacers 109 away
losangelesclippers 111 charlottehornets 86 away
newyorkknicks 100 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
sanantoniospurs 103 brooklynnets 89 away
bostonceltics 95 chicagobulls 91 home
goldenstatewarriors 106 houstonrockets 97 home
utahjazz 98 memphisgrizzlies 88 away
washingtonwizards 98 detroitpistons 77 away
miamiheat 107 atlantahawks 87 away
losangeleslakers 94 torontoraptors 92 away
dallasmavericks 96 losangelesclippers 92 home
miamiheat 114 milwaukeebucks 96 away
philadelphiaSSers 98 charlottehornets 89 away
neworleanspelicans 86 utahjazz 80 home
goldenstatewarriors 102 phoenixsuns 96 home
orlandomagic 102 minnesotatimberwolves 89 home
miamiheat 105 indianapacers 90 away
denvernuggets 109 phoenixsuns 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 93 houstonrockets 83 home
newyorkknicks 90 torontoraptors 87 away
oklahomacitythunder 111 utahjazz 85 home
losangeleslakers 86 atlantahawks 78 home
sanantoniospurs 99 detroitpistons 95 away
chicagobulls 121 sacramentokings 115 home
washingtonwizards 124 portlandtrailblazers 109 away
dallasmavericks 102 denvernuggets 84 home
detroitpistons 98 bostonceltics 88 away
houstonrockets 96 oklahomacitythunder 95 home
orlandomagic 103 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
portlandtrailblazers 93 goldenstatewarriors 91 away
clevelandcavaliers 98 indianapacers 87 home
atlantahawks 101 phoenixsuns 99 away
minnesotatimberwolves 102 charlottehornets 90 home
memphisgrizzlies 105 brooklynnets 100 away
neworleanspelicans 92 milwaukeebucks 89 away
sanantoniospurs 113 torontoraptors 106 away
newyorkknicks 100 sacramentokings 85 home
losangelesclippers 102 washingtonwizards 84 home
chicagobulls 89 bostonceltics 80 home
losangelesclippers 74 portlandtrailblazers 71 away
indianapacers 93 brooklynnets 88 home
charlottehornets 98 torontoraptors 91 away
memphisgrizzlies 103 denvernuggets 102 home
oklahomacitythunder 110 goldenstatewarriors 87 home
miamiheat 111 clevelandcavaliers 87 away
orlandomagic 94 milwaukeebucks 85 home
minnesotatimberwolves 111 houstonrockets 98 away
losangeleslakers 111 phoenixsuns 99 home
dallasmavericks 82 philadelphiaSSers 75 away
neworleanspelicans 89 newyorkknicks 85 away
detroitpistons 114 sacramentokings 108 home
utahjazz 114 washingtonwizards 100 home
memphisgrizzlies 104 goldenstatewarriors 103 home
brooklynnets 97 chicagobulls 85 away
sanantoniospurs 103 losangelesclippers 100 away
portlandtrailblazers 97 atlantahawks 77 home
detroitpistons 96 bostonceltics 81 home
indianapacers 108 charlottehornets 73 home
milwaukeebucks 92 brooklynnets 85 away
houstonrockets 101 utahjazz 85 home
oklahomacitythunder 124 denvernuggets 118 home
phoenixsuns 102 losangeleslakers 90 home
miamiheat 90 orlandomagic 78 home
newyorkknicks 104 dallasmavericks 97 home
minnesotatimberwolves 92 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
clevelandcavaliers 93 sacramentokings 92 home
chicagobulls 90 atlantahawks 79 home
oklahomacitythunder 101 neworleanspelicans 93 home
orlandomagic 93 milwaukeebucks 90 away
losangeleslakers 103 portlandtrailblazers 92 home
sanantoniospurs 106 utahjazz 102 away
goldenstatewarriors 104 losangelesclippers 97 home
houstonrockets 97 memphisgrizzlies 93 home
denvernuggets 103 minnesotatimberwolves 101 home
brooklynnets 100 newyorkknicks 92 away
dallasmavericks 89 bostonceltics 73 home
phoenixsuns 104 washingtonwizards 88 home
portlandtrailblazers 137 sanantoniospurs 97 home
clevelandcavaliers 101 detroitpistons 100 home
indianapacers 117 neworleanspelicans 108 home
memphisgrizzlies 89 philadelphiaSSers 76 home
miamiheat 120 sacramentokings 108 home
newyorkknicks 99 atlantahawks 82 home
losangelesclippers 103 denvernuggets 95 home
torontoraptors 103 detroitpistons 93 home
indianapacers 102 charlottehornets 88 away
losangeleslakers 96 dallasmavericks 91 away
orlandomagic 108 brooklynnets 91 away
goldenstatewarriors 106 phoenixsuns 104 away
chicagobulls 110 milwaukeebucks 91 home
minnesotatimberwolves 100 utahjazz 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 119 bostonceltics 104 home
neworleanspelicans 89 clevelandcavaliers 84 away
houstonrockets 93 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
sacramentokings 115 washingtonwizards 107 away
oklahomacitythunder 100 losangeleslakers 85 home
miamiheat 102 newyorkknicks 88 home
sanantoniospurs 114 denvernuggets 99 away
atlantahawks 83 orlandomagic 78 home
bostonceltics 86 clevelandcavaliers 83 away
minnesotatimberwolves 109 losangelesclippers 97 away
philadelphiaSSers 97 detroitpistons 68 away
sacramentokings 103 utahjazz 96 home
milwaukeebucks 119 washingtonwizards 118 home
indianapacers 102 goldenstatewarriors 78 home
brooklynnets 93 dallasmavericks 92 away
chicagobulls 99 neworleanspelicans 95 home
houstonrockets 88 torontoraptors 85 home
orlandomagic 102 washingtonwizards 95 away
denvernuggets 104 portlandtrailblazers 95 home
chicagobulls 96 sanantoniospurs 89 away
goldenstatewarriors 85 atlantahawks 82 away
oklahomacitythunder 92 philadelphiaSSers 88 away
torontoraptors 95 neworleanspelicans 84 away
detroitpistons 109 charlottehornets 94 home
newyorkknicks 120 clevelandcavaliers 103 home
utahjazz 104 houstonrockets 83 home
bostonceltics 102 milwaukeebucks 96 home
losangeleslakers 104 minnesotatimberwolves 85 home
memphisgrizzlies 96 dallasmavericks 85 home
phoenixsuns 104 minnesotatimberwolves 95 home
losangelesclippers 108 sacramentokings 100 away
miamiheat 107 portlandtrailblazers 93 away
oklahomacitythunder 105 orlandomagic 102 away
denvernuggets 117 houstonrockets 105 away
atlantahawks 99 milwaukeebucks 94 home
chicagobulls 112 clevelandcavaliers 91 away
neworleanspelicans 97 dallasmavericks 92 home
phoenixsuns 81 losangelesclippers 78 home
bostonceltics 107 brooklynnets 94 home
losangeleslakers 115 sacramentokings 107 home
sanantoniospurs 102 charlottehornets 72 home
philadelphiaSSers 105 goldenstatewarriors 83 home
memphisgrizzlies 102 torontoraptors 99 away
utahjazz 99 miamiheat 98 home
washingtonwizards 101 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
orlandomagic 114 milwaukeebucks 98 home
dallasmavericks 102 utahjazz 96 home
minnesotatimberwolves 122 portlandtrailblazers 110 away
memphisgrizzlies 100 detroitpistons 83 home
indianapacers 102 neworleanspelicans 84 away
atlantahawks 97 oklahomacitythunder 90 home
chicagobulls 96 philadelphiaSSers 91 away
denvernuggets 99 sanantoniospurs 94 away
losangelesclippers 105 houstonrockets 103 away
brooklynnets 104 charlottehornets 101 away
bostonceltics 115 newyorkknicks 111 home
phoenixsuns 96 sacramentokings 88 home
torontoraptors 83 goldenstatewarriors 75 home
losangeleslakers 93 miamiheat 83 home
oklahomacitythunder 95 dallasmavericks 91 home
minnesotatimberwolves 95 losangelesclippers 94 home
portlandtrailblazers 86 neworleanspelicans 74 home
orlandomagic 92 torontoraptors 88 away
milwaukeebucks 97 philadelphiaSSers 93 home
denvernuggets 119 sacramentokings 116 home
chicagobulls 92 indianapacers 72 home
goldenstatewarriors 120 washingtonwizards 100 away
utahjazz 109 clevelandcavaliers 100 away
atlantahawks 101 indianapacers 96 away
miamiheat 108 brooklynnets 78 home
charlottehornets 100 orlandomagic 84 home
bostonceltics 97 houstonrockets 92 home
detroitpistons 88 losangeleslakers 85 home
dallasmavericks 95 newyorkknicks 85 home
memphisgrizzlies 110 goldenstatewarriors 92 away
sacramentokings 99 neworleanspelicans 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 115 phoenixsuns 104 home
miamiheat 89 atlantahawks 86 home
philadelphiaSSers 103 bostonceltics 71 home
chicagobulls 106 milwaukeebucks 104 away
minnesotatimberwolves 106 portlandtrailblazers 94 home
clevelandcavaliers 100 denvernuggets 99 away
torontoraptors 116 houstonrockets 98 home
brooklynnets 101 losangelesclippers 100 home
washingtonwizards 106 losangeleslakers 101 home
sanantoniospurs 118 newyorkknicks 105 home
utahjazz 99 charlottehornets 93 away
phoenixsuns 96 dallasmavericks 94 home
orlandomagic 99 chicagobulls 94 away
detroitpistons 86 atlantahawks 85 home
sacramentokings 110 dallasmavericks 97 home
losangelesclippers 120 sanantoniospurs 108 away
losangeleslakers 105 minnesotatimberwolves 102 away
brooklynnets 83 charlottehornets 74 away
denvernuggets 110 neworleanspelicans 97 home
milwaukeebucks 119 newyorkknicks 114 home
clevelandcavaliers 96 oklahomacitythunder 90 away
bostonceltics 104 portlandtrailblazers 86 home
philadelphiaSSers 104 utahjazz 91 home
goldenstatewarriors 111 dallasmavericks 87 home
miamiheat 93 indianapacers 91 home
phoenixsuns 98 memphisgrizzlies 91 home
neworleanspelicans 95 minnesotatimberwolves 89 away
detroitpistons 105 torontoraptors 86 home
oklahomacitythunder 122 charlottehornets 95 home
houstonrockets 112 brooklynnets 106 away
portlandtrailblazers 110 washingtonwizards 99 away
chicagobulls 111 utahjazz 97 home
orlandomagic 107 indianapacers 94 home
memphisgrizzlies 94 denvernuggets 91 away
milwaukeebucks 105 torontoraptors 99 away
goldenstatewarriors 97 losangelesclippers 93 away
philadelphiaSSers 106 newyorkknicks 94 away
atlantahawks 106 sacramentokings 99 away
losangeleslakers 97 bostonceltics 94 home
clevelandcavaliers 118 houstonrockets 107 home
milwaukeebucks 105 brooklynnets 99 away
minnesotatimberwolves 127 phoenixsuns 124 away
chicagobulls 104 newyorkknicks 99 home
bostonceltics 94 losangelesclippers 85 away
charlottehornets 73 neworleanspelicans 71 away
utahjazz 105 detroitpistons 90 home
sanantoniospurs 112 washingtonwizards 97 home
houstonrockets 104 oklahomacitythunder 103 away
losangeleslakers 116 memphisgrizzlies 111 away
torontoraptors 96 clevelandcavaliers 88 away
goldenstatewarriors 115 sacramentokings 89 away
orlandomagic 104 miamiheat 98 home
denvernuggets 118 atlantahawks 117 home
indianapacers 92 portlandtrailblazers 75 home
dallasmavericks 107 washingtonwizards 98 home
losangeleslakers 107 neworleanspelicans 101 away
chicagobulls 106 miamiheat 102 home
indianapacers 111 philadelphiaSSers 94 home
phoenixsuns 120 utahjazz 111 home
milwaukeebucks 115 clevelandcavaliers 105 home
brooklynnets 98 torontoraptors 84 home
losangelesclippers 96 atlantahawks 82 home
bostonceltics 105 goldenstatewarriors 103 away
houstonrockets 107 charlottehornets 87 home
detroitpistons 124 sacramentokings 112 away
sanantoniospurs 122 orlandomagic 111 home
newyorkknicks 121 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
utahjazz 111 minnesotatimberwolves 105 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 denvernuggets 90 away
phoenixsuns 91 losangelesclippers 87 away
dallasmavericks 101 charlottehornets 96 home
washingtonwizards 99 neworleanspelicans 89 away
newyorkknicks 115 indianapacers 100 home
miamiheat 84 philadelphiaSSers 78 away
losangeleslakers 97 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
orlandomagic 86 brooklynnets 70 home
sanantoniospurs 114 oklahomacitythunder 105 away
atlantahawks 102 washingtonwizards 88 home
sacramentokings 120 bostonceltics 95 home
phoenixsuns 109 detroitpistons 101 home
milwaukeebucks 120 goldenstatewarriors 98 away
portlandtrailblazers 100 chicagobulls 89 away
torontoraptors 114 memphisgrizzlies 110 away
utahjazz 99 goldenstatewarriors 92 home
losangelesclippers 95 houstonrockets 91 home
newyorkknicks 102 indianapacers 88 away
chicagobulls 89 philadelphiaSSers 80 home
charlottehornets 107 torontoraptors 103 home
dallasmavericks 106 sanantoniospurs 99 home
denvernuggets 98 bostonceltics 91 home
neworleanspelicans 102 brooklynnets 94 away
atlantahawks 103 clevelandcavaliers 87 away
phoenixsuns 99 houstonrockets 86 home
sacramentokings 115 minnesotatimberwolves 99 home
utahjazz 103 losangeleslakers 99 away
miamiheat 91 orlandomagic 81 home
oklahomacitythunder 111 portlandtrailblazers 95 home
losangelesclippers 87 detroitpistons 83 home
memphisgrizzlies 97 washingtonwizards 92 home
bostonceltics 79 atlantahawks 76 away
chicagobulls 85 orlandomagic 59 away
clevelandcavaliers 105 brooklynnets 100 away
dallasmavericks 112 denvernuggets 95 away
minnesotatimberwolves 97 goldenstatewarriors 93 away
philadelphiaSSers 105 charlottehornets 80 away
houstonrockets 107 losangeleslakers 104 home
sacramentokings 119 memphisgrizzlies 110 home
utahjazz 97 oklahomacitythunder 90 home
newyorkknicks 106 torontoraptors 87 home
indianapacers 102 losangelesclippers 89 home
milwaukeebucks 116 portlandtrailblazers 87 away
miamiheat 99 phoenixsuns 95 home
chicagobulls 94 torontoraptors 82 away
atlantahawks 103 clevelandcavaliers 102 home
goldenstatewarriors 101 neworleanspelicans 92 away
oklahomacitythunder 114 losangelesclippers 91 home
losangeleslakers 109 dallasmavericks 93 away
sanantoniospurs 116 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
washingtonwizards 108 brooklynnets 89 away
newyorkknicks 82 philadelphiaSSers 79 away
denvernuggets 116 detroitpistons 115 home
orlandomagic 103 phoenixsuns 93 home
bostonceltics 100 milwaukeebucks 91 away
houstonrockets 109 goldenstatewarriors 83 home
indianapacers 85 washingtonwizards 83 away
neworleanspelicans 97 losangelesclippers 90 home
portlandtrailblazers 97 memphisgrizzlies 93 home
utahjazz 103 sacramentokings 102 away
orlandomagic 93 clevelandcavaliers 80 home
miamiheat 88 detroitpistons 73 away
milwaukeebucks 112 charlottehornets 92 away
atlantahawks 93 brooklynnets 84 home
losangeleslakers 103 portlandtrailblazers 96 home
philadelphiaSSers 99 bostonceltics 86 home
sanantoniospurs 104 dallasmavericks 87 home
utahjazz 121 denvernuggets 102 home
oklahomacitythunder 149 minnesotatimberwolves 140 home
torontoraptors 96 newyorkknicks 79 home
phoenixsuns 113 indianapacers 111 away
brooklynnets 102 charlottehornets 89 home
newyorkknicks 101 detroitpistons 79 home
losangelesclippers 101 memphisgrizzlies 85 home
chicagobulls 102 torontoraptors 101 home
atlantahawks 95 washingtonwizards 92 away
dallasmavericks 101 houstonrockets 99 away
indianapacers 125 milwaukeebucks 104 away
sanantoniospurs 89 neworleanspelicans 86 away
goldenstatewarriors 111 sacramentokings 108 home
portlandtrailblazers 90 goldenstatewarriors 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 102 losangeleslakers 96 away
bostonceltics 88 washingtonwizards 76 home
minnesotatimberwolves 117 denvernuggets 100 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 miamiheat 87 home
sanantoniospurs 93 philadelphiaSSers 76 home
phoenixsuns 108 clevelandcavaliers 83 away
atlantahawks 139 utahjazz 133 home
bostonceltics 102 charlottehornets 95 away
detroitpistons 79 washingtonwizards 77 away
indianapacers 105 miamiheat 90 home
newyorkknicks 89 milwaukeebucks 80 home
losangelesclippers 97 neworleanspelicans 85 home
orlandomagic 117 torontoraptors 101 away
houstonrockets 113 sacramentokings 106 home
denvernuggets 108 chicagobulls 91 away
utahjazz 105 brooklynnets 84 away
milwaukeebucks 108 atlantahawks 101 home
philadelphiaSSers 103 clevelandcavaliers 85 home
memphisgrizzlies 93 minnesotatimberwolves 86 home
sanantoniospurs 107 phoenixsuns 100 away
dallasmavericks 90 houstonrockets 81 home
losangeleslakers 104 goldenstatewarriors 101 away
oklahomacitythunder 109 portlandtrailblazers 95 away
chicagobulls 98 atlantahawks 77 away
brooklynnets 100 indianapacers 84 home
neworleanspelicans 102 goldenstatewarriors 87 away
newyorkknicks 108 orlandomagic 86 home
sanantoniospurs 117 sacramentokings 112 away
detroitpistons 87 clevelandcavaliers 75 away
losangelesclippers 103 phoenixsuns 86 home
torontoraptors 105 denvernuggets 96 home
minnesotatimberwolves 88 charlottehornets 83 away
bostonceltics 94 utahjazz 82 home
portlandtrailblazers 99 neworleanspelicans 93 home
oklahomacitythunder 102 losangeleslakers 93 away
indianapacers 93 washingtonwizards 89 home
miamiheat 106 dallasmavericks 85 home
miamiheat 113 torontoraptors 101 away
atlantahawks 100 newyorkknicks 90 home
washingtonwizards 97 philadelphiaSSers 76 home
losangelesclippers 98 portlandtrailblazers 97 home
sacramentokings 104 utahjazz 103 away
chicagobulls 83 detroitpistons 71 home
houstonrockets 98 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
milwaukeebucks 121 clevelandcavaliers 84 away
bostonceltics 100 minnesotatimberwolves 79 away
dallasmavericks 100 orlandomagic 98 away
denvernuggets 99 charlottehornets 88 away
brooklynnets 102 goldenstatewarriors 100 away
sanantoniospurs 112 indianapacers 103 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 milwaukeebucks 95 away
brooklynnets 111 sacramentokings 99 away
philadelphiaSSers 95 atlantahawks 90 home
detroitpistons 110 charlottehornets 107 home
newyorkknicks 91 clevelandcavaliers 75 home
losangeleslakers 88 neworleanspelicans 85 home
losangelesclippers 105 utahjazz 96 home
bostonceltics 91 miamiheat 72 home
phoenixsuns 92 neworleanspelicans 75 home
torontoraptors 99 washingtonwizards 92 home
losangeleslakers 120 goldenstatewarriors 112 home
portlandtrailblazers 119 minnesotatimberwolves 106 home
oklahomacitythunder 92 chicagobulls 78 home
denvernuggets 104 orlandomagic 101 away
indianapacers 104 houstonrockets 102 away
losangelesclippers 94 dallasmavericks 75 away
memphisgrizzlies 94 oklahomacitythunder 88 away
milwaukeebucks 112 washingtonwizards 98 away
sacramentokings 116 minnesotatimberwolves 108 home
utahjazz 102 portlandtrailblazers 97 away
houstonrockets 99 chicagobulls 93 away
torontoraptors 92 charlottehornets 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 98 goldenstatewarriors 94 home
indianapacers 112 newyorkknicks 104 home
detroitpistons 102 orlandomagic 95 home
miamiheat 99 philadelphiaSSers 93 home
phoenixsuns 109 sacramentokings 100 away
losangeleslakers 91 brooklynnets 87 home
sanantoniospurs 125 clevelandcavaliers 90 away
neworleanspelicans 94 denvernuggets 92 home
goldenstatewarriors 97 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
indianapacers 109 washingtonwizards 96 away
phoenixsuns 107 utahjazz 105 away
atlantahawks 120 charlottehornets 93 home
milwaukeebucks 107 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
losangeleslakers 113 losangelesclippers 108 home
dallasmavericks 95 memphisgrizzlies 85 home
torontoraptors 99 philadelphiaSSers 78 away
portlandtrailblazers 101 brooklynnets 88 home
miamiheat 98 oklahomacitythunder 93 home
sanantoniospurs 87 bostonceltics 86 away
chicagobulls 93 bostonceltics 86 home
newyorkknicks 96 orlandomagic 80 away
detroitpistons 99 washingtonwizards 94 home
losangelesclippers 93 sacramentokings 85 away
milwaukeebucks 95 charlottehornets 90 home
clevelandcavaliers 84 torontoraptors 80 away
atlantahawks 101 detroitpistons 96 home
utahjazz 104 goldenstatewarriors 98 home
houstonrockets 112 losangeleslakers 107 away
denvernuggets 105 phoenixsuns 99 home
portlandtrailblazers 99 dallasmavericks 97 away
brooklynnets 110 washingtonwizards 98 home
sanantoniospurs 128 neworleanspelicans 103 home
memphisgrizzlies 97 miamiheat 82 away
indianapacers 103 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
bostonceltics 86 indianapacers 72 away
goldenstatewarriors 112 denvernuggets 97 home
neworleanspelicans 99 minnesotatimberwolves 90 home
orlandomagic 88 philadelphiaSSers 82 away
atlantahawks 116 charlottehornets 96 away
memphisgrizzlies 94 dallasmavericks 89 home
phoenixsuns 125 losangeleslakers 105 home
losangelesclippers 109 sacramentokings 94 home
milwaukeebucks 116 portlandtrailblazers 94 home
newyorkknicks 100 chicagobulls 99 home
brooklynnets 122 clevelandcavaliers 117 home
miamiheat 98 detroitpistons 75 home
houstonrockets 104 sacramentokings 87 away
sanantoniospurs 114 utahjazz 104 home
bostonceltics 103 philadelphiaSSers 79 home
oklahomacitythunder 91 torontoraptors 75 home
orlandomagic 119 detroitpistons 89 home
denvernuggets 123 goldenstatewarriors 84 home
houstonrockets 94 portlandtrailblazers 89 away
memphisgrizzlies 94 losangelesclippers 85 home
losangeleslakers 93 neworleanspelicans 91 away
phoenixsuns 114 minnesotatimberwolves 90 away
utahjazz 91 sanantoniospurs 84 home
indianapacers 103 torontoraptors 98 home
washingtonwizards 113 charlottehornets 85 away
oklahomacitythunder 109 milwaukeebucks 89 away
bostonceltics 115 miamiheat 107 away
clevelandcavaliers 103 charlottehornets 90 home
chicagobulls 98 newyorkknicks 86 home
dallasmavericks 110 sacramentokings 100 home
washingtonwizards 93 orlandomagic 85 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 brooklynnets 88 away
bostonceltics 88 atlantahawks 86 home
portlandtrailblazers 118 goldenstatewarriors 110 home
losangelesclippers 100 oklahomacitythunder 98 away
losangeleslakers 98 sanantoniospurs 84 away
newyorkknicks 111 milwaukeebucks 107 away
memphisgrizzlies 104 phoenixsuns 93 home
neworleanspelicans 105 sacramentokings 96 home
utahjazz 103 houstonrockets 91 away
indianapacers 104 clevelandcavaliers 98 away
denvernuggets 113 minnesotatimberwolves 107 home
philadelphiaSSers 93 torontoraptors 75 away
dallasmavericks 112 goldenstatewarriors 103 away
detroitpistons 109 charlottehornets 85 away
losangelesclippers 95 minnesotatimberwolves 82 away
chicagobulls 96 miamiheat 86 home
sanantoniospurs 107 memphisgrizzlies 97 home
dallasmavericks 97 portlandtrailblazers 94 away
losangeleslakers 103 denvernuggets 97 home
phoenixsuns 112 houstonrockets 105 away
oklahomacitythunder 115 sacramentokings 89 home
neworleanspelicans 96 utahjazz 85 home
newyorkknicks 103 washingtonwizards 65 home
atlantahawks 109 orlandomagic 81 away
torontoraptors 84 bostonceltics 79 home
miamiheat 105 charlottehornets 82 home
indianapacers 102 clevelandcavaliers 83 home
milwaukeebucks 113 detroitpistons 97 away
brooklynnets 95 philadelphiaSSers 89 away
clevelandcavaliers 98 washingtonwizards 89 away
sanantoniospurs 105 phoenixsuns 91 home
memphisgrizzlies 103 utahjazz 98 home
bostonceltics 94 brooklynnets 82 away
losangelesclippers 112 goldenstatewarriors 104 home
indianapacers 105 milwaukeebucks 99 away
oklahomacitythunder 115 minnesotatimberwolves 110 away
bostonceltics 94 charlottehornets 82 away
losangeleslakers 112 dallasmavericks 108 home
denvernuggets 101 houstonrockets 86 home
miamiheat 93 newyorkknicks 85 away
orlandomagic 100 clevelandcavaliers 84 away
sacramentokings 104 portlandtrailblazers 103 home
torontoraptors 102 atlantahawks 86 away
chicagobulls 100 detroitpistons 94 away
neworleanspelicans 88 memphisgrizzlies 75 home
atlantahawks 109 torontoraptors 87 away
utahjazz 123 dallasmavericks 121 home
denvernuggets 105 houstonrockets 102 away
miamiheat 101 brooklynnets 98 away
losangelesclippers 92 oklahomacitythunder 77 home
orlandomagic 113 philadelphiaSSers 100 home
phoenixsuns 125 portlandtrailblazers 107 home
sanantoniospurs 120 goldenstatewarriors 99 away
washingtonwizards 87 chicagobulls 84 away
indianapacers 111 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
neworleanspelicans 75 charlottehornets 67 away
indianapacers 102 philadelphiaSSers 97 away
memphisgrizzlies 91 minnesotatimberwolves 84 away
sanantoniospurs 112 losangeleslakers 91 away
newyorkknicks 118 bostonceltics 110 home
detroitpistons 116 clevelandcavaliers 77 home
chicagobulls 100 charlottehornets 68 away
atlantahawks 116 detroitpistons 84 home
losangelesclippers 104 denvernuggets 98 away
washingtonwizards 121 milwaukeebucks 112 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 phoenixsuns 97 away
bostonceltics 102 orlandomagic 98 home
philadelphiaSSers 103 clevelandcavaliers 87 away
sanantoniospurs 127 sacramentokings 102 away
miamiheat 96 torontoraptors 72 home
dallasmavericks 117 houstonrockets 110 home
losangeleslakers 99 goldenstatewarriors 87 away
memphisgrizzlies 103 neworleanspelicans 91 home
newyorkknicks 104 brooklynnets 95 away
utahjazz 112 portlandtrailblazers 91 away
miamiheat 83 chicagobulls 72 home
neworleanspelicans 105 houstonrockets 99 home
phoenixsuns 93 losangelesclippers 90 home
indianapacers 118 milwaukeebucks 109 home
minnesotatimberwolves 91 detroitpistons 80 away
atlantahawks 97 bostonceltics 92 home
dallasmavericks 104 goldenstatewarriors 94 home
sanantoniospurs 121 losangeleslakers 97 home
clevelandcavaliers 98 newyorkknicks 90 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 sacramentokings 92 away
memphisgrizzlies 85 charlottehornets 80 away
denvernuggets 118 phoenixsuns 107 away
houstonrockets 99 goldenstatewarriors 96 home
milwaukeebucks 106 brooklynnets 95 home
philadelphiaSSers 109 indianapacers 106 away
memphisgrizzlies 93 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
washingtonwizards 86 miamiheat 84 away
chicagobulls 93 dallasmavericks 83 home
utahjazz 117 orlandomagic 107 home
goldenstatewarriors 93 minnesotatimberwolves 88 away
losangelesclippers 107 neworleanspelicans 98 home
newyorkknicks 113 atlantahawks 112 away
losangeleslakers 114 oklahomacitythunder 106 home
detroitpistons 76 torontoraptors 73 home
sanantoniospurs 114 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
miamiheat 97 houstonrockets 88 home
denvernuggets 101 orlandomagic 74 home
sacramentokings 114 charlottehornets 88 away
sanantoniospurs 124 portlandtrailblazers 89 home
milwaukeebucks 92 torontoraptors 86 home
washingtonwizards 101 charlottehornets 73 home
indianapacers 103 detroitpistons 97 home
philadelphiaSSers 105 brooklynnets 87 away
memphisgrizzlies 109 clevelandcavaliers 101 home
bostonceltics 78 miamiheat 66 home
neworleanspelicans 83 goldenstatewarriors 81 away
utahjazz 100 phoenixsuns 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 118 sacramentokings 110 home
atlantahawks 109 losangelesclippers 102 home
philadelphiaSSers 90 milwaukeebucks 85 away
sanantoniospurs 110 phoenixsuns 106 away
washingtonwizards 96 clevelandcavaliers 85 away
orlandomagic 102 charlottehornets 95 home
chicagobulls 92 indianapacers 87 away
denvernuggets 106 oklahomacitythunder 101 away
newyorkknicks 99 losangelesclippers 93 home
bostonceltics 87 milwaukeebucks 74 home
newyorkknicks 104 charlottehornets 84 away
detroitpistons 108 philadelphiaSSers 86 home
sanantoniospurs 107 goldenstatewarriors 101 away
chicagobulls 107 clevelandcavaliers 75 home
denvernuggets 131 minnesotatimberwolves 102 away
sacramentokings 113 losangeleslakers 96 home
washingtonwizards 104 miamiheat 70 home
torontoraptors 98 brooklynnets 67 home
houstonrockets 84 neworleanspelicans 77 home
utahjazz 96 portlandtrailblazers 94 home
atlantahawks 106 dallasmavericks 89 home
memphisgrizzlies 88 orlandomagic 76 home
oklahomacitythunder 99 dallasmavericks 98 home
chicagobulls 103 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
miamiheat 100 newyorkknicks 67 home
orlandomagic 81 indianapacers 77 away
sanantoniospurs 106 utahjazz 91 home
losangeleslakers 103 denvernuggets 88 home
losangelesclippers 99 memphisgrizzlies 98 away
atlantahawks 83 bostonceltics 74 home
oklahomacitythunder 102 dallasmavericks 99 home
miamiheat 104 newyorkknicks 94 home
indianapacers 93 orlandomagic 78 home
losangeleslakers 104 denvernuggets 100 home
philadelphiaSSers 109 chicagobulls 92 away
bostonceltics 87 atlantahawks 80 away
sanantoniospurs 114 utahjazz 83 home
memphisgrizzlies 105 losangelesclippers 98 home
indianapacers 97 orlandomagic 74 away
oklahomacitythunder 95 dallasmavericks 79 away
miamiheat 87 newyorkknicks 70 away
denvernuggets 99 losangeleslakers 84 home
philadelphiaSSers 79 chicagobulls 74 home
bostonceltics 90 atlantahawks 84 home
sanantoniospurs 102 utahjazz 90 away
oklahomacitythunder 103 dallasmavericks 97 away
losangelesclippers 87 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
indianapacers 101 orlandomagic 99 away
losangeleslakers 92 denvernuggets 88 away
philadelphiaSSers 89 chicagobulls 82 home
newyorkknicks 89 miamiheat 87 home
bostonceltics 101 atlantahawks 79 home
sanantoniospurs 87 utahjazz 81 away
losangelesclippers 101 memphisgrizzlies 97 home
denvernuggets 102 losangeleslakers 99 away
chicagobulls 77 philadelphiaSSers 69 home
indianapacers 105 orlandomagic 87 home
atlantahawks 87 bostonceltics 86 home
miamiheat 106 newyorkknicks 94 home
memphisgrizzlies 92 losangelesclippers 80 home
denvernuggets 113 losangeleslakers 96 home
philadelphiaSSers 79 chicagobulls 78 home
bostonceltics 83 atlantahawks 80 home
memphisgrizzlies 90 losangelesclippers 88 away
losangeleslakers 96 denvernuggets 87 home
bostonceltics 92 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
losangelesclippers 82 memphisgrizzlies 72 away
miamiheat 95 indianapacers 86 home
philadelphiaSSers 82 bostonceltics 81 away
oklahomacitythunder 119 losangeleslakers 90 home
indianapacers 78 miamiheat 75 away
sanantoniospurs 108 losangelesclippers 92 home
bostonceltics 107 philadelphiaSSers 91 away
oklahomacitythunder 77 losangeleslakers 75 home
indianapacers 94 miamiheat 75 home
sanantoniospurs 105 losangelesclippers 88 home
philadelphiaSSers 92 bostonceltics 83 home
losangeleslakers 99 oklahomacitythunder 96 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 losangeleslakers 100 away
sanantoniospurs 96 losangelesclippers 86 away
miamiheat 101 indianapacers 93 away
sanantoniospurs 102 losangelesclippers 99 away
bostonceltics 101 philadelphiaSSers 85 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 losangeleslakers 90 home
miamiheat 115 indianapacers 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 82 bostonceltics 75 home
miamiheat 105 indianapacers 93 away
bostonceltics 85 philadelphiaSSers 75 home
sanantoniospurs 101 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
miamiheat 93 bostonceltics 79 home
sanantoniospurs 120 oklahomacitythunder 111 home
miamiheat 115 bostonceltics 111 home
oklahomacitythunder 102 sanantoniospurs 82 home
bostonceltics 101 miamiheat 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 sanantoniospurs 103 home
bostonceltics 93 miamiheat 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 108 sanantoniospurs 103 away
bostonceltics 94 miamiheat 90 away
oklahomacitythunder 107 sanantoniospurs 99 home
miamiheat 98 bostonceltics 79 away
miamiheat 101 bostonceltics 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 105 miamiheat 94 home
miamiheat 100 oklahomacitythunder 96 away
miamiheat 91 oklahomacitythunder 85 home
miamiheat 104 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
miamiheat 121 oklahomacitythunder 106 home
