clevelandcavaliers 94 washingtonwizards 84 home
miamiheat 120 bostonceltics 107 home
dallasmavericks 99 losangeleslakers 91 away
indianapacers 90 torontoraptors 88 away
philadelphiaSSers 84 denvernuggets 75 home
houstonrockets 105 detroitpistons 96 away
chicagobulls 93 sacramentokings 87 home
sanantoniospurs 99 neworleanspelicans 95 away
utahjazz 113 dallasmavericks 94 home
goldenstatewarriors 87 phoenixsuns 85 away
losangelesclippers 101 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
portlandtrailblazers 116 losangeleslakers 106 home
sanantoniospurs 86 oklahomacitythunder 84 home
charlottehornets 90 indianapacers 89 home
orlandomagic 102 denvernuggets 89 home
milwaukeebucks 99 bostonceltics 88 away
houstonrockets 109 atlantahawks 102 away
chicagobulls 115 clevelandcavaliers 86 away
newyorkknicks 104 miamiheat 84 home
neworleanspelicans 88 utahjazz 86 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 portlandtrailblazers 92 home
minnesotatimberwolves 92 sacramentokings 80 home
phoenixsuns 92 detroitpistons 89 home
losangelesclippers 105 losangeleslakers 95 home
memphisgrizzlies 104 goldenstatewarriors 94 away
bostonceltics 89 washingtonwizards 86 away
indianapacers 106 sacramentokings 98 home
brooklynnets 107 torontoraptors 100 home
miamiheat 119 denvernuggets 116 home
neworleanspelicans 89 chicagobulls 82 away
portlandtrailblazers 95 houstonrockets 85 away
milwaukeebucks 105 clevelandcavaliers 102 home
dallasmavericks 126 charlottehornets 99 home
sanantoniospurs 110 utahjazz 100 home
goldenstatewarriors 114 losangelesclippers 110 away
newyorkknicks 100 philadelphiaSSers 84 home
torontoraptors 105 minnesotatimberwolves 86 home
orlandomagic 115 phoenixsuns 94 home
atlantahawks 104 oklahomacitythunder 95 away
losangeleslakers 108 detroitpistons 79 home
newyorkknicks 110 philadelphiaSSers 88 away
minnesotatimberwolves 107 brooklynnets 96 away
miamiheat 124 phoenixsuns 99 home
memphisgrizzlies 103 utahjazz 94 home
dallasmavericks 114 portlandtrailblazers 91 home
sanantoniospurs 101 indianapacers 79 home
sacramentokings 94 goldenstatewarriors 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 108 losangelesclippers 101 away
chicagobulls 99 orlandomagic 93 home
oklahomacitythunder 108 torontoraptors 88 home
denvernuggets 109 detroitpistons 97 home
phoenixsuns 117 charlottehornets 110 away
bostonceltics 100 washingtonwizards 94 home
atlantahawks 89 indianapacers 86 home
miamiheat 103 brooklynnets 73 home
memphisgrizzlies 108 milwaukeebucks 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 77 neworleanspelicans 62 away
denvernuggets 93 houstonrockets 87 away
minnesotatimberwolves 90 orlandomagic 75 home
dallasmavericks 109 torontoraptors 104 home
utahjazz 95 losangeleslakers 86 home
sacramentokings 105 detroitpistons 103 home
losangelesclippers 106 sanantoniospurs 84 home
goldenstatewarriors 106 clevelandcavaliers 96 home
oklahomacitythunder 97 chicagobulls 91 away
losangelesclippers 103 portlandtrailblazers 90 away
milwaukeebucks 101 washingtonwizards 91 away
brooklynnets 107 orlandomagic 68 away
philadelphiaSSers 106 bostonceltics 100 away
newyorkknicks 104 dallasmavericks 94 home
miamiheat 95 atlantahawks 89 away
memphisgrizzlies 93 houstonrockets 85 home
neworleanspelicans 107 charlottehornets 99 home
oklahomacitythunder 105 detroitpistons 94 home
minnesotatimberwolves 96 indianapacers 94 home
phoenixsuns 107 clevelandcavaliers 105 home
sanantoniospurs 97 sacramentokings 86 away
denvernuggets 104 utahjazz 84 home
losangeleslakers 101 goldenstatewarriors 77 home
philadelphiaSSers 93 torontoraptors 83 away
indianapacers 89 washingtonwizards 85 home
charlottehornets 101 dallasmavericks 97 home
chicagobulls 87 minnesotatimberwolves 80 home
houstonrockets 96 detroitpistons 82 home
bostonceltics 96 milwaukeebucks 92 away
utahjazz 94 phoenixsuns 81 home
sanantoniospurs 112 portlandtrailblazers 109 away
denvernuggets 107 goldenstatewarriors 101 away
brooklynnets 82 orlandomagic 74 home
losangelesclippers 89 atlantahawks 76 home
memphisgrizzlies 104 miamiheat 86 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
losangeleslakers 103 sacramentokings 90 home
utahjazz 140 torontoraptors 133 away
milwaukeebucks 105 philadelphiaSSers 96 away
oklahomacitythunder 92 detroitpistons 90 away
bostonceltics 101 chicagobulls 95 away
miamiheat 113 houstonrockets 110 away
minnesotatimberwolves 90 dallasmavericks 82 away
phoenixsuns 110 denvernuggets 100 home
atlantahawks 95 portlandtrailblazers 87 away
charlottehornets 92 washingtonwizards 76 home
newyorkknicks 99 orlandomagic 89 away
torontoraptors 74 indianapacers 72 away
brooklynnets 114 clevelandcavaliers 101 home
portlandtrailblazers 103 sacramentokings 86 away
sanantoniospurs 84 losangeleslakers 82 away
detroitpistons 94 philadelphiaSSers 76 away
bostonceltics 98 utahjazz 93 home
milwaukeebucks 99 indianapacers 85 home
houstonrockets 100 neworleanspelicans 96 home
memphisgrizzlies 107 oklahomacitythunder 97 away
charlottehornets 89 minnesotatimberwolves 87 away
dallasmavericks 107 washingtonwizards 101 home
chicagobulls 112 phoenixsuns 106 away
losangelesclippers 107 miamiheat 100 home
goldenstatewarriors 92 atlantahawks 88 home
brooklynnets 102 bostonceltics 97 home
newyorkknicks 104 sanantoniospurs 100 away
miamiheat 98 denvernuggets 93 away
philadelphiaSSers 99 utahjazz 93 home
orlandomagic 110 detroitpistons 106 away
indianapacers 103 dallasmavericks 83 home
oklahomacitythunder 110 neworleanspelicans 95 away
goldenstatewarriors 106 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
memphisgrizzlies 105 newyorkknicks 95 home
atlantahawks 112 sacramentokings 96 away
portlandtrailblazers 119 houstonrockets 117 home
losangeleslakers 114 phoenixsuns 102 home
bostonceltics 107 torontoraptors 89 home
losangelesclippers 101 chicagobulls 80 home
utahjazz 83 washingtonwizards 76 away
memphisgrizzlies 94 charlottehornets 87 away
dallasmavericks 103 clevelandcavaliers 95 away
milwaukeebucks 117 neworleanspelicans 113 home
sanantoniospurs 126 denvernuggets 100 home
miamiheat 97 phoenixsuns 88 away
newyorkknicks 88 indianapacers 76 home
torontoraptors 97 orlandomagic 86 home
philadelphiaSSers 86 clevelandcavaliers 79 home
brooklynnets 99 sacramentokings 90 away
oklahomacitythunder 119 goldenstatewarriors 109 home
detroitpistons 103 bostonceltics 83 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 chicagobulls 94 home
losangeleslakers 119 houstonrockets 108 home
indianapacers 96 washingtonwizards 89 away
charlottehornets 102 milwaukeebucks 98 home
atlantahawks 81 orlandomagic 72 home
denvernuggets 97 memphisgrizzlies 92 away
goldenstatewarriors 105 dallasmavericks 101 away
losangelesclippers 92 sanantoniospurs 87 away
utahjazz 102 houstonrockets 91 home
philadelphiaSSers 106 torontoraptors 98 home
newyorkknicks 102 neworleanspelicans 80 away
losangeleslakers 95 brooklynnets 90 home
charlottehornets 98 torontoraptors 97 home
orlandomagic 90 detroitpistons 74 home
clevelandcavaliers 92 philadelphiaSSers 83 home
indianapacers 115 neworleanspelicans 107 home
sanantoniospurs 112 bostonceltics 100 away
atlantahawks 101 washingtonwizards 100 home
miamiheat 113 milwaukeebucks 106 home
oklahomacitythunder 117 losangelesclippers 111 home
houstonrockets 93 chicagobulls 89 home
denvernuggets 101 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
dallasmavericks 114 newyorkknicks 111 home
phoenixsuns 114 portlandtrailblazers 87 home
sacramentokings 113 losangeleslakers 97 home
goldenstatewarriors 102 brooklynnets 93 home
denvernuggets 102 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
utahjazz 104 sacramentokings 102 home
phoenixsuns 111 neworleanspelicans 108 home
portlandtrailblazers 103 minnesotatimberwolves 95 home
atlantahawks 101 charlottehornets 91 away
orlandomagic 108 clevelandcavaliers 104 home
bostonceltics 108 oklahomacitythunder 100 home
brooklynnets 86 losangelesclippers 76 home
detroitpistons 91 torontoraptors 90 home
sanantoniospurs 104 indianapacers 97 away
memphisgrizzlies 106 losangeleslakers 98 home
houstonrockets 131 newyorkknicks 103 home
oklahomacitythunder 116 philadelphiaSSers 109 away
charlottehornets 108 washingtonwizards 106 away
atlantahawks 104 losangelesclippers 93 home
miamiheat 110 clevelandcavaliers 108 home
losangeleslakers 115 dallasmavericks 89 away
chicagobulls 93 milwaukeebucks 86 away
sacramentokings 108 utahjazz 97 home
goldenstatewarriors 96 minnesotatimberwolves 85 home
sanantoniospurs 111 torontoraptors 106 away
newyorkknicks 121 detroitpistons 100 home
brooklynnets 98 portlandtrailblazers 85 home
philadelphiaSSers 104 phoenixsuns 101 home
bostonceltics 116 orlandomagic 110 away
denvernuggets 102 neworleanspelicans 84 home
sanantoniospurs 118 washingtonwizards 92 away
detroitpistons 108 portlandtrailblazers 101 home
milwaukeebucks 93 chicagobulls 92 away
memphisgrizzlies 84 clevelandcavaliers 78 home
oklahomacitythunder 114 charlottehornets 69 home
utahjazz 105 denvernuggets 103 home
neworleanspelicans 105 losangelesclippers 98 away
brooklynnets 96 newyorkknicks 89 home
philadelphiaSSers 100 dallasmavericks 98 home
phoenixsuns 91 clevelandcavaliers 78 away
houstonrockets 117 torontoraptors 101 home
minnesotatimberwolves 97 sacramentokings 89 away
indianapacers 79 losangeleslakers 77 away
washingtonwizards 84 portlandtrailblazers 82 home
sanantoniospurs 110 orlandomagic 89 away
brooklynnets 95 bostonceltics 83 away
atlantahawks 94 charlottehornets 91 home
detroitpistons 117 phoenixsuns 77 home
chicagobulls 101 dallasmavericks 78 home
newyorkknicks 102 milwaukeebucks 88 away
memphisgrizzlies 103 torontoraptors 82 home
utahjazz 96 neworleanspelicans 84 away
oklahomacitythunder 120 houstonrockets 98 home
losangelesclippers 101 minnesotatimberwolves 95 home
miamiheat 105 sanantoniospurs 100 home
goldenstatewarriors 106 denvernuggets 105 home
torontoraptors 101 phoenixsuns 97 home
philadelphiaSSers 104 charlottehornets 98 away
brooklynnets 98 orlandomagic 86 away
bostonceltics 96 portlandtrailblazers 78 home
newyorkknicks 108 washingtonwizards 87 home
clevelandcavaliers 113 atlantahawks 111 away
memphisgrizzlies 90 detroitpistons 78 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 utahjazz 94 home
minnesotatimberwolves 95 milwaukeebucks 85 home
indianapacers 97 sacramentokings 92 away
losangeleslakers 122 denvernuggets 103 home
miamiheat 102 brooklynnets 89 home
portlandtrailblazers 118 clevelandcavaliers 117 away
chicagobulls 93 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 100 neworleanspelicans 79 away
houstonrockets 124 utahjazz 116 home
milwaukeebucks 91 bostonceltics 88 home
sanantoniospurs 99 memphisgrizzlies 95 home
dallasmavericks 92 detroitpistons 77 home
losangelesclippers 116 sacramentokings 81 home
goldenstatewarriors 103 indianapacers 92 home
newyorkknicks 106 phoenixsuns 99 home
orlandomagic 113 losangeleslakers 103 away
portlandtrailblazers 118 charlottehornets 112 away
detroitpistons 89 clevelandcavaliers 79 home
neworleanspelicans 102 milwaukeebucks 81 home
denvernuggets 113 torontoraptors 110 home
losangelesclippers 105 utahjazz 104 away
orlandomagic 102 goldenstatewarriors 94 away
minnesotatimberwolves 105 philadelphiaSSers 88 away
washingtonwizards 105 miamiheat 101 home
oklahomacitythunder 117 brooklynnets 111 away
indianapacers 80 chicagobulls 76 away
memphisgrizzlies 108 phoenixsuns 98 home
houstonrockets 107 losangeleslakers 105 home
newyorkknicks 100 charlottehornets 98 away
indianapacers 99 portlandtrailblazers 92 home
bostonceltics 104 minnesotatimberwolves 94 home
atlantahawks 108 denvernuggets 104 home
goldenstatewarriors 104 detroitpistons 97 away
chicagobulls 95 clevelandcavaliers 85 away
losangeleslakers 103 neworleanspelicans 87 away
sanantoniospurs 110 milwaukeebucks 99 home
utahjazz 87 orlandomagic 81 home
sacramentokings 107 torontoraptors 100 home
losangelesclippers 112 dallasmavericks 90 home
newyorkknicks 112 miamiheat 92 away
dallasmavericks 97 phoenixsuns 94 away
philadelphiaSSers 95 bostonceltics 94 home
denvernuggets 92 indianapacers 89 away
goldenstatewarriors 109 brooklynnets 102 away
atlantahawks 104 washingtonwizards 95 home
chicagobulls 108 detroitpistons 104 away
memphisgrizzlies 96 neworleanspelicans 89 away
minnesotatimberwolves 91 clevelandcavaliers 73 home
milwaukeebucks 108 charlottehornets 93 home
sanantoniospurs 114 houstonrockets 92 home
utahjazz 131 torontoraptors 99 home
oklahomacitythunder 114 losangeleslakers 108 home
sacramentokings 91 orlandomagic 82 home
losangelesclippers 117 phoenixsuns 99 home
goldenstatewarriors 101 washingtonwizards 97 away
sanantoniospurs 132 charlottehornets 102 away
bostonceltics 92 philadelphiaSSers 79 home
miamiheat 106 neworleanspelicans 90 home
detroitpistons 104 clevelandcavaliers 97 away
chicagobulls 93 newyorkknicks 85 home
atlantahawks 93 memphisgrizzlies 83 away
dallasmavericks 116 houstonrockets 109 away
sacramentokings 99 portlandtrailblazers 80 away
losangelesclippers 102 torontoraptors 83 home
milwaukeebucks 97 brooklynnets 88 away
oklahomacitythunder 104 indianapacers 93 home
newyorkknicks 112 denvernuggets 106 home
orlandomagic 98 phoenixsuns 90 away
utahjazz 117 losangeleslakers 110 away
philadelphiaSSers 104 detroitpistons 97 home
goldenstatewarriors 104 charlottehornets 96 away
miamiheat 101 atlantahawks 92 home
sanantoniospurs 134 houstonrockets 126 away
dallasmavericks 119 sacramentokings 96 home
portlandtrailblazers 92 torontoraptors 74 home
newyorkknicks 100 brooklynnets 97 away
clevelandcavaliers 100 losangeleslakers 94 home
denvernuggets 101 detroitpistons 94 away
washingtonwizards 77 neworleanspelicans 70 away
losangelesclippers 94 chicagobulls 89 away
brooklynnets 94 torontoraptors 88 away
atlantahawks 86 orlandomagic 80 away
indianapacers 96 clevelandcavaliers 81 home
chicagobulls 96 philadelphiaSSers 89 away
losangelesclippers 100 charlottehornets 94 away
goldenstatewarriors 97 miamiheat 95 away
bostonceltics 117 dallasmavericks 115 home
milwaukeebucks 98 sacramentokings 85 home
houstonrockets 99 washingtonwizards 93 home
oklahomacitythunder 92 neworleanspelicans 88 home
minnesotatimberwolves 108 denvernuggets 105 home
phoenixsuns 82 memphisgrizzlies 80 home
utahjazz 99 sanantoniospurs 96 home
atlantahawks 113 charlottehornets 90 home
newyorkknicks 116 losangeleslakers 107 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 sanantoniospurs 90 home
torontoraptors 95 dallasmavericks 74 home
losangeleslakers 102 washingtonwizards 96 away
indianapacers 95 philadelphiaSSers 85 home
brooklynnets 107 detroitpistons 105 home
milwaukeebucks 90 clevelandcavaliers 86 away
orlandomagic 99 goldenstatewarriors 85 home
minnesotatimberwolves 113 neworleanspelicans 102 away
houstonrockets 101 bostonceltics 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 113 sacramentokings 103 home
phoenixsuns 99 utahjazz 84 home
denvernuggets 99 memphisgrizzlies 94 home
orlandomagic 107 charlottehornets 98 away
goldenstatewarriors 115 atlantahawks 93 away
newyorkknicks 103 clevelandcavaliers 102 home
miamiheat 102 washingtonwizards 72 home
indianapacers 88 detroitpistons 77 away
chicagobulls 83 brooklynnets 82 home
minnesotatimberwolves 114 dallasmavericks 106 home
losangelesclippers 111 milwaukeebucks 85 away
sanantoniospurs 103 bostonceltics 88 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 utahjazz 86 away
torontoraptors 103 houstonrockets 96 home
losangeleslakers 111 philadelphiaSSers 98 away
denvernuggets 122 sacramentokings 97 away
portlandtrailblazers 95 neworleanspelicans 94 home
orlandomagic 102 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
houstonrockets 109 newyorkknicks 96 away
losangelesclippers 88 detroitpistons 76 away
memphisgrizzlies 80 chicagobulls 71 home
oklahomacitythunder 107 sanantoniospurs 93 home
phoenixsuns 101 sacramentokings 90 home
atlantahawks 100 washingtonwizards 95 away
torontoraptors 113 clevelandcavaliers 99 away
utahjazz 92 brooklynnets 90 away
miamiheat 103 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
chicagobulls 100 bostonceltics 89 home
milwaukeebucks 98 indianapacers 93 home
dallasmavericks 107 philadelphiaSSers 100 home
denvernuggets 112 sanantoniospurs 106 home
losangeleslakers 101 charlottehornets 100 home
goldenstatewarriors 103 neworleanspelicans 96 home
torontoraptors 97 detroitpistons 91 home
newyorkknicks 100 brooklynnets 86 home
orlandomagic 90 washingtonwizards 83 home
indianapacers 104 utahjazz 84 home
bostonceltics 103 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 100 atlantahawks 92 away
houstonrockets 125 philadelphiaSSers 103 home
phoenixsuns 121 charlottehornets 104 home
memphisgrizzlies 90 milwaukeebucks 80 home
sacramentokings 131 goldenstatewarriors 127 home
losangelesclippers 93 neworleanspelicans 77 home
minnesotatimberwolves 99 oklahomacitythunder 93 home
miamiheat 110 dallasmavericks 95 away
portlandtrailblazers 101 denvernuggets 93 home
torontoraptors 93 orlandomagic 90 home
philadelphiaSSers 99 atlantahawks 80 home
milwaukeebucks 99 bostonceltics 94 away
chicagobulls 110 newyorkknicks 106 away
detroitpistons 100 washingtonwizards 68 home
indianapacers 99 clevelandcavaliers 89 away
memphisgrizzlies 92 dallasmavericks 82 home
sanantoniospurs 99 neworleanspelicans 94 home
losangelesclippers 97 sacramentokings 85 home
goldenstatewarriors 115 charlottehornets 100 home
detroitpistons 96 washingtonwizards 87 away
atlantahawks 92 chicagobulls 75 home
miamiheat 105 utahjazz 89 home
indianapacers 81 neworleanspelicans 75 away
houstonrockets 121 memphisgrizzlies 96 home
clevelandcavaliers 94 milwaukeebucks 82 away
denvernuggets 110 charlottehornets 88 home
portlandtrailblazers 96 phoenixsuns 93 home
losangeleslakers 118 goldenstatewarriors 115 away
brooklynnets 95 philadelphiaSSers 92 home
newyorkknicks 94 minnesotatimberwolves 91 home
utahjazz 97 orlandomagic 93 away
sanantoniospurs 129 dallasmavericks 91 home
losangelesclippers 103 phoenixsuns 77 away
sacramentokings 108 portlandtrailblazers 96 home
bostonceltics 93 brooklynnets 76 away
losangeleslakers 100 newyorkknicks 94 home
miamiheat 103 oklahomacitythunder 97 home
houstonrockets 120 chicagobulls 97 away
losangelesclippers 112 denvernuggets 100 home
clevelandcavaliers 87 washingtonwizards 84 away
miamiheat 105 charlottehornets 92 away
neworleanspelicans 97 orlandomagic 94 away
atlantahawks 126 detroitpistons 119 home
milwaukeebucks 108 brooklynnets 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 99 memphisgrizzlies 89 away
houstonrockets 87 minnesotatimberwolves 84 away
sanantoniospurs 100 torontoraptors 80 home
denvernuggets 126 losangeleslakers 114 home
goldenstatewarriors 94 utahjazz 83 away
newyorkknicks 99 phoenixsuns 97 away
portlandtrailblazers 109 sacramentokings 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 111 dallasmavericks 105 home
losangelesclippers 106 bostonceltics 77 home
losangeleslakers 104 portlandtrailblazers 87 home
goldenstatewarriors 96 philadelphiaSSers 89 home
washingtonwizards 105 orlandomagic 97 home
indianapacers 97 phoenixsuns 91 home
brooklynnets 97 charlottehornets 81 home
detroitpistons 109 miamiheat 99 home
atlantahawks 102 clevelandcavaliers 94 away
torontoraptors 104 neworleanspelicans 97 away
denvernuggets 106 dallasmavericks 85 away
sanantoniospurs 122 houstonrockets 116 home
losangelesclippers 116 utahjazz 114 away
sacramentokings 106 newyorkknicks 105 home
neworleanspelicans 98 charlottehornets 95 away
atlantahawks 109 indianapacers 100 home
torontoraptors 123 orlandomagic 88 away
brooklynnets 103 clevelandcavaliers 100 home
chicagobulls 87 washingtonwizards 77 home
memphisgrizzlies 81 denvernuggets 72 home
oklahomacitythunder 124 houstonrockets 94 away
minnesotatimberwolves 111 phoenixsuns 107 home
milwaukeebucks 104 miamiheat 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 89 philadelphiaSSers 85 home
goldenstatewarriors 101 bostonceltics 83 home
detroitpistons 96 milwaukeebucks 94 home
sanantoniospurs 111 dallasmavericks 86 away
sacramentokings 118 bostonceltics 96 home
losangelesclippers 107 utahjazz 96 home
indianapacers 88 memphisgrizzlies 83 home
charlottehornets 91 chicagobulls 81 away
miamiheat 112 orlandomagic 110 away
houstonrockets 123 atlantahawks 104 home
oklahomacitythunder 114 phoenixsuns 96 home
sanantoniospurs 104 brooklynnets 73 home
dallasmavericks 103 washingtonwizards 94 away
portlandtrailblazers 105 newyorkknicks 100 away
detroitpistons 103 sacramentokings 97 home
atlantahawks 95 neworleanspelicans 86 away
denvernuggets 92 losangelesclippers 78 home
philadelphiaSSers 103 losangeleslakers 99 away
torontoraptors 102 portlandtrailblazers 79 home
chicagobulls 96 orlandomagic 94 away
sacramentokings 97 clevelandcavaliers 94 away
indianapacers 89 washingtonwizards 81 home
memphisgrizzlies 93 bostonceltics 83 away
miamiheat 119 dallasmavericks 109 home
sanantoniospurs 117 milwaukeebucks 110 away
houstonrockets 104 neworleanspelicans 92 home
brooklynnets 110 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
utahjazz 106 minnesotatimberwolves 84 home
phoenixsuns 95 philadelphiaSSers 89 home
goldenstatewarriors 115 losangelesclippers 94 home
newyorkknicks 100 sanantoniospurs 83 home
minnesotatimberwolves 101 denvernuggets 97 away
sacramentokings 105 torontoraptors 96 away
brooklynnets 115 washingtonwizards 113 away
clevelandcavaliers 106 charlottehornets 104 away
chicagobulls 96 miamiheat 89 away
detroitpistons 85 atlantahawks 84 home
bostonceltics 94 indianapacers 75 home
portlandtrailblazers 86 memphisgrizzlies 84 away
oklahomacitythunder 109 philadelphiaSSers 85 home
houstonrockets 115 milwaukeebucks 101 away
utahjazz 87 phoenixsuns 80 away
losangelesclippers 107 losangeleslakers 102 home
bostonceltics 89 atlantahawks 81 away
newyorkknicks 114 orlandomagic 106 away
indianapacers 95 milwaukeebucks 80 home
brooklynnets 113 sacramentokings 93 home
houstonrockets 112 clevelandcavaliers 104 away
portlandtrailblazers 102 minnesotatimberwolves 97 away
neworleanspelicans 99 dallasmavericks 96 away
sanantoniospurs 109 philadelphiaSSers 86 home
denvernuggets 110 utahjazz 91 home
losangelesclippers 115 goldenstatewarriors 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 torontoraptors 92 away
miamiheat 99 washingtonwizards 71 home
charlottehornets 108 detroitpistons 101 away
memphisgrizzlies 92 phoenixsuns 81 away
denvernuggets 112 losangeleslakers 105 away
washingtonwizards 101 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
bostonceltics 102 newyorkknicks 96 away
chicagobulls 118 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
neworleanspelicans 95 sanantoniospurs 88 home
utahjazz 100 dallasmavericks 94 home
memphisgrizzlies 113 sacramentokings 81 away
portlandtrailblazers 125 orlandomagic 119 home
brooklynnets 109 philadelphiaSSers 89 away
indianapacers 87 miamiheat 77 home
milwaukeebucks 108 phoenixsuns 99 home
houstonrockets 125 losangeleslakers 112 home
minnesotatimberwolves 108 atlantahawks 103 home
torontoraptors 90 philadelphiaSSers 72 home
utahjazz 112 charlottehornets 102 away
clevelandcavaliers 99 atlantahawks 83 home
bostonceltics 87 phoenixsuns 79 home
milwaukeebucks 104 chicagobulls 96 away
neworleanspelicans 88 houstonrockets 79 home
sanantoniospurs 108 losangeleslakers 105 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 minnesotatimberwolves 84 home
denvernuggets 108 orlandomagic 105 home
losangelesclippers 99 dallasmavericks 93 home
memphisgrizzlies 94 goldenstatewarriors 87 away
indianapacers 81 newyorkknicks 76 home
dallasmavericks 117 sacramentokings 112 away
portlandtrailblazers 92 miamiheat 90 home
torontoraptors 99 charlottehornets 78 home
bostonceltics 103 houstonrockets 91 home
brooklynnets 99 phoenixsuns 79 home
atlantahawks 103 utahjazz 95 home
chicagobulls 108 newyorkknicks 101 away
memphisgrizzlies 101 sanantoniospurs 98 home
neworleanspelicans 104 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
detroitpistons 103 milwaukeebucks 87 away
denvernuggets 98 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 116 losangeleslakers 101 away
goldenstatewarriors 103 portlandtrailblazers 97 home
orlandomagic 104 losangelesclippers 101 away
washingtonwizards 93 atlantahawks 83 home
indianapacers 96 charlottehornets 88 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 houstonrockets 100 home
utahjazz 90 detroitpistons 87 away
phoenixsuns 97 chicagobulls 81 away
dallasmavericks 104 memphisgrizzlies 83 home
miamiheat 128 sacramentokings 99 away
newyorkknicks 100 neworleanspelicans 87 home
milwaukeebucks 107 torontoraptors 96 away
brooklynnets 97 indianapacers 86 home
sanantoniospurs 106 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
denvernuggets 116 goldenstatewarriors 105 home
oklahomacitythunder 87 portlandtrailblazers 83 away
losangeleslakers 113 clevelandcavaliers 93 home
washingtonwizards 120 orlandomagic 91 home
bostonceltics 100 charlottehornets 89 home
chicagobulls 97 atlantahawks 58 home
losangelesclippers 99 memphisgrizzlies 73 away
dallasmavericks 113 minnesotatimberwolves 98 home
utahjazz 104 miamiheat 97 home
oklahomacitythunder 102 phoenixsuns 90 away
sacramentokings 124 clevelandcavaliers 118 home
neworleanspelicans 111 philadelphiaSSers 99 away
indianapacers 103 charlottehornets 76 away
brooklynnets 113 torontoraptors 106 home
losangelesclippers 117 houstonrockets 109 away
denvernuggets 115 portlandtrailblazers 111 home
losangeleslakers 104 milwaukeebucks 88 home
chicagobulls 107 torontoraptors 105 away
orlandomagic 97 indianapacers 86 home
atlantahawks 109 brooklynnets 95 home
neworleanspelicans 90 bostonceltics 78 away
oklahomacitythunder 117 denvernuggets 97 home
dallasmavericks 105 houstonrockets 100 home
sanantoniospurs 103 memphisgrizzlies 82 home
sacramentokings 95 washingtonwizards 94 home
clevelandcavaliers 93 portlandtrailblazers 88 away
miamiheat 92 goldenstatewarriors 75 away
newyorkknicks 102 detroitpistons 87 away
losangelesclippers 90 minnesotatimberwolves 77 away
milwaukeebucks 98 phoenixsuns 94 away
miamiheat 99 losangeleslakers 90 away
chicagobulls 100 bostonceltics 99 away
philadelphiaSSers 108 torontoraptors 101 home
charlottehornets 106 orlandomagic 100 away
indianapacers 105 houstonrockets 95 home
brooklynnets 94 atlantahawks 89 home
memphisgrizzlies 85 sacramentokings 69 home
sanantoniospurs 95 goldenstatewarriors 88 home
washingtonwizards 112 denvernuggets 108 away
oklahomacitythunder 117 dallasmavericks 114 away
sacramentokings 97 charlottehornets 93 away
sanantoniospurs 98 atlantahawks 93 away
memphisgrizzlies 85 chicagobulls 82 away
goldenstatewarriors 116 neworleanspelicans 112 away
minnesotatimberwolves 92 houstonrockets 79 home
utahjazz 109 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
milwaukeebucks 110 portlandtrailblazers 104 away
losangelesclippers 94 washingtonwizards 87 home
torontoraptors 108 losangeleslakers 103 home
dallasmavericks 111 orlandomagic 105 away
detroitpistons 103 bostonceltics 88 home
denvernuggets 121 oklahomacitythunder 118 home
indianapacers 82 memphisgrizzlies 81 away
neworleanspelicans 114 sacramentokings 105 home
houstonrockets 100 charlottehornets 94 away
atlantahawks 104 minnesotatimberwolves 96 home
brooklynnets 88 newyorkknicks 85 away
goldenstatewarriors 106 losangelesclippers 99 home
sanantoniospurs 90 philadelphiaSSers 85 away
chicagobulls 95 losangeleslakers 83 home
washingtonwizards 98 portlandtrailblazers 95 away
clevelandcavaliers 95 bostonceltics 90 home
detroitpistons 105 orlandomagic 90 home
milwaukeebucks 110 philadelphiaSSers 102 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 losangelesclippers 97 away
atlantahawks 104 charlottehornets 92 away
miamiheat 123 torontoraptors 116 home
chicagobulls 85 detroitpistons 82 home
memphisgrizzlies 106 losangeleslakers 93 home
denvernuggets 105 houstonrockets 95 away
brooklynnets 91 minnesotatimberwolves 83 away
sanantoniospurs 106 neworleanspelicans 102 home
utahjazz 92 washingtonwizards 88 home
phoenixsuns 106 sacramentokings 96 away
portlandtrailblazers 100 indianapacers 80 home
goldenstatewarriors 104 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
torontoraptors 97 orlandomagic 95 away
newyorkknicks 89 bostonceltics 86 away
phoenixsuns 93 losangelesclippers 88 home
washingtonwizards 114 minnesotatimberwolves 101 home
atlantahawks 123 bostonceltics 111 home
miamiheat 110 detroitpistons 88 home
clevelandcavaliers 113 milwaukeebucks 108 home
chicagobulls 103 goldenstatewarriors 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 101 brooklynnets 77 home
houstonrockets 100 neworleanspelicans 82 away
sanantoniospurs 113 dallasmavericks 107 away
oklahomacitythunder 105 sacramentokings 95 away
losangeleslakers 102 utahjazz 84 home
clevelandcavaliers 99 torontoraptors 98 away
philadelphiaSSers 97 newyorkknicks 80 home
washingtonwizards 86 chicagobulls 73 home
charlottehornets 102 minnesotatimberwolves 101 home
houstonrockets 119 brooklynnets 106 home
milwaukeebucks 109 goldenstatewarriors 102 home
sanantoniospurs 108 phoenixsuns 99 home
denvernuggets 121 sacramentokings 93 home
utahjazz 114 indianapacers 110 home
portlandtrailblazers 101 losangelesclippers 100 home
bostonceltics 100 miamiheat 98 home
losangeleslakers 105 oklahomacitythunder 96 home
detroitpistons 104 orlandomagic 102 away
neworleanspelicans 91 memphisgrizzlies 83 away
newyorkknicks 106 atlantahawks 104 home
dallasmavericks 110 phoenixsuns 95 home
losangelesclippers 96 portlandtrailblazers 83 home
goldenstatewarriors 114 torontoraptors 102 away
memphisgrizzlies 103 philadelphiaSSers 100 away
sacramentokings 96 washingtonwizards 94 away
brooklynnets 97 orlandomagic 77 home
chicagobulls 93 charlottehornets 85 home
denvernuggets 102 indianapacers 101 home
houstonrockets 125 utahjazz 80 away
goldenstatewarriors 108 clevelandcavaliers 95 away
milwaukeebucks 117 detroitpistons 90 away
portlandtrailblazers 106 dallasmavericks 104 home
losangeleslakers 111 neworleanspelicans 106 home
philadelphiaSSers 92 washingtonwizards 84 home
indianapacers 98 detroitpistons 79 home
bostonceltics 99 sacramentokings 81 home
newyorkknicks 113 orlandomagic 97 home
atlantahawks 93 torontoraptors 92 home
miamiheat 105 brooklynnets 85 away
chicagobulls 104 milwaukeebucks 88 away
losangelesclippers 96 minnesotatimberwolves 90 away
sanantoniospurs 102 charlottehornets 78 home
denvernuggets 118 houstonrockets 110 home
utahjazz 104 neworleanspelicans 99 home
phoenixsuns 92 losangeleslakers 86 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
goldenstatewarriors 100 dallasmavericks 97 home
memphisgrizzlies 85 washingtonwizards 76 home
denvernuggets 113 neworleanspelicans 98 home
utahjazz 86 portlandtrailblazers 77 home
dallasmavericks 109 phoenixsuns 99 away
losangeleslakers 111 minnesotatimberwolves 100 away
torontoraptors 98 losangelesclippers 73 home
indianapacers 102 miamiheat 89 home
bostonceltics 97 orlandomagic 84 home
brooklynnets 93 chicagobulls 89 home
newyorkknicks 96 milwaukeebucks 86 home
philadelphiaSSers 89 sacramentokings 80 home
detroitpistons 117 clevelandcavaliers 99 home
chicagobulls 93 atlantahawks 76 away
newyorkknicks 120 sacramentokings 81 home
clevelandcavaliers 115 oklahomacitythunder 110 home
houstonrockets 109 charlottehornets 95 home
minnesotatimberwolves 115 neworleanspelicans 86 home
milwaukeebucks 107 orlandomagic 98 home
sanantoniospurs 96 washingtonwizards 86 home
portlandtrailblazers 105 utahjazz 99 home
goldenstatewarriors 113 phoenixsuns 93 home
bostonceltics 106 losangelesclippers 104 home
losangeleslakers 98 detroitpistons 97 away
miamiheat 100 torontoraptors 85 away
philadelphiaSSers 78 orlandomagic 61 home
washingtonwizards 98 losangelesclippers 90 home
newyorkknicks 99 detroitpistons 85 home
miamiheat 99 charlottehornets 94 home
oklahomacitythunder 112 dallasmavericks 91 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
utahjazz 98 sacramentokings 91 home
indianapacers 111 chicagobulls 101 home
indianapacers 114 atlantahawks 103 home
losangeleslakers 92 brooklynnets 83 away
phoenixsuns 96 memphisgrizzlies 90 away
houstonrockets 140 goldenstatewarriors 109 home
denvernuggets 112 milwaukeebucks 104 home
bostonceltics 99 torontoraptors 95 away
indianapacers 88 philadelphiaSSers 69 away
washingtonwizards 106 newyorkknicks 96 home
losangelesclippers 86 orlandomagic 76 away
clevelandcavaliers 122 charlottehornets 95 home
atlantahawks 103 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
miamiheat 114 houstonrockets 108 home
brooklynnets 93 detroitpistons 90 away
neworleanspelicans 93 phoenixsuns 84 home
oklahomacitythunder 119 goldenstatewarriors 98 home
dallasmavericks 105 portlandtrailblazers 99 home
sanantoniospurs 104 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
utahjazz 100 milwaukeebucks 86 home
bostonceltics 116 losangeleslakers 95 home
denvernuggets 128 chicagobulls 96 home
washingtonwizards 89 brooklynnets 74 home
losangeleslakers 100 charlottehornets 93 away
torontoraptors 100 indianapacers 98 away
neworleanspelicans 111 atlantahawks 100 away
detroitpistons 119 sanantoniospurs 109 home
clevelandcavaliers 119 orlandomagic 108 home
miamiheat 111 losangelesclippers 89 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 goldenstatewarriors 93 home
houstonrockets 118 portlandtrailblazers 103 home
oklahomacitythunder 127 phoenixsuns 96 home
newyorkknicks 100 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
chicagobulls 93 utahjazz 89 away
denvernuggets 111 clevelandcavaliers 103 away
philadelphiaSSers 87 charlottehornets 76 home
detroitpistons 105 milwaukeebucks 100 away
dallasmavericks 116 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
sacramentokings 120 utahjazz 109 home
losangelesclippers 102 newyorkknicks 88 away
miamiheat 107 losangeleslakers 97 home
bostonceltics 118 denvernuggets 114 home
torontoraptors 102 neworleanspelicans 89 home
orlandomagic 110 portlandtrailblazers 104 home
memphisgrizzlies 105 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
sanantoniospurs 111 brooklynnets 86 away
oklahomacitythunder 97 phoenixsuns 69 away
sacramentokings 117 houstonrockets 111 home
losangelesclippers 107 philadelphiaSSers 90 away
charlottehornets 94 bostonceltics 91 home
minnesotatimberwolves 100 clevelandcavaliers 92 away
brooklynnets 89 indianapacers 84 away
neworleanspelicans 105 detroitpistons 86 away
sanantoniospurs 103 chicagobulls 89 away
washingtonwizards 102 milwaukeebucks 90 away
atlantahawks 105 dallasmavericks 101 away
torontoraptors 109 denvernuggets 108 home
miamiheat 117 portlandtrailblazers 104 home
memphisgrizzlies 108 sacramentokings 101 home
utahjazz 109 oklahomacitythunder 94 home
losangeleslakers 91 phoenixsuns 85 home
houstonrockets 116 goldenstatewarriors 107 away
atlantahawks 108 orlandomagic 76 away
sanantoniospurs 96 clevelandcavaliers 95 away
indianapacers 101 charlottehornets 77 home
bostonceltics 71 chicagobulls 69 home
brooklynnets 119 denvernuggets 108 home
torontoraptors 92 newyorkknicks 88 away
detroitpistons 96 washingtonwizards 85 home
milwaukeebucks 94 philadelphiaSSers 92 home
neworleanspelicans 99 portlandtrailblazers 63 home
utahjazz 97 minnesotatimberwolves 93 away
dallasmavericks 123 sacramentokings 100 home
losangelesclippers 106 houstonrockets 96 home
miamiheat 110 oklahomacitythunder 100 away
losangelesclippers 125 losangeleslakers 101 home
torontoraptors 96 washingtonwizards 88 away
charlottehornets 105 orlandomagic 92 away
brooklynnets 113 milwaukeebucks 111 home
memphisgrizzlies 105 detroitpistons 91 away
chicagobulls 96 neworleanspelicans 87 away
denvernuggets 97 bostonceltics 90 home
utahjazz 115 goldenstatewarriors 101 home
sanantoniospurs 108 sacramentokings 102 away
phoenixsuns 102 portlandtrailblazers 98 away
memphisgrizzlies 88 torontoraptors 82 away
detroitpistons 105 charlottehornets 99 away
clevelandcavaliers 105 neworleanspelicans 100 home
indianapacers 125 newyorkknicks 91 home
miamiheat 103 atlantahawks 90 away
brooklynnets 97 milwaukeebucks 94 away
houstonrockets 122 oklahomacitythunder 119 home
minnesotatimberwolves 94 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
dallasmavericks 111 orlandomagic 96 home
losangeleslakers 113 bostonceltics 99 home
goldenstatewarriors 108 phoenixsuns 98 home
miamiheat 86 chicagobulls 67 away
sanantoniospurs 116 losangelesclippers 90 away
torontoraptors 100 newyorkknicks 98 home
washingtonwizards 119 denvernuggets 113 home
chicagobulls 105 charlottehornets 75 away
indianapacers 114 detroitpistons 82 home
houstonrockets 106 brooklynnets 96 away
atlantahawks 122 sacramentokings 108 home
memphisgrizzlies 88 orlandomagic 82 home
dallasmavericks 104 neworleanspelicans 100 away
oklahomacitythunder 127 minnesotatimberwolves 111 home
bostonceltics 113 phoenixsuns 88 away
losangeleslakers 111 portlandtrailblazers 107 home
goldenstatewarriors 107 sanantoniospurs 101 home
washingtonwizards 105 houstonrockets 103 home
denvernuggets 113 charlottehornets 99 away
clevelandcavaliers 118 orlandomagic 94 away
miamiheat 114 philadelphiaSSers 90 away
indianapacers 90 detroitpistons 72 away
atlantahawks 103 milwaukeebucks 102 away
losangelesclippers 107 utahjazz 94 home
losangeleslakers 103 dallasmavericks 99 away
memphisgrizzlies 76 brooklynnets 72 away
goldenstatewarriors 100 minnesotatimberwolves 99 away
miamiheat 109 clevelandcavaliers 105 home
neworleanspelicans 110 sacramentokings 95 home
newyorkknicks 99 philadelphiaSSers 93 home
sanantoniospurs 97 phoenixsuns 87 away
portlandtrailblazers 92 bostonceltics 86 home
oklahomacitythunder 102 chicagobulls 72 home
washingtonwizards 90 torontoraptors 84 away
atlantahawks 114 detroitpistons 103 away
denvernuggets 119 losangeleslakers 108 home
bostonceltics 110 utahjazz 107 away
orlandomagic 98 philadelphiaSSers 84 away
indianapacers 108 goldenstatewarriors 97 home
miamiheat 141 sacramentokings 129 home
clevelandcavaliers 101 chicagobulls 98 away
brooklynnets 101 neworleanspelicans 97 away
milwaukeebucks 95 dallasmavericks 90 away
phoenixsuns 84 minnesotatimberwolves 83 home
losangelesclippers 106 charlottehornets 84 home
sacramentokings 125 orlandomagic 101 away
clevelandcavaliers 103 torontoraptors 92 home
newyorkknicks 109 goldenstatewarriors 105 home
detroitpistons 96 washingtonwizards 95 away
memphisgrizzlies 90 dallasmavericks 84 home
milwaukeebucks 110 houstonrockets 107 away
oklahomacitythunder 119 neworleanspelicans 74 home
phoenixsuns 105 sanantoniospurs 101 away
atlantahawks 102 utahjazz 91 away
denvernuggets 111 portlandtrailblazers 109 away
losangelesclippers 99 indianapacers 91 away
chicagobulls 93 philadelphiaSSers 82 home
losangeleslakers 116 minnesotatimberwolves 94 home
indianapacers 93 torontoraptors 81 away
newyorkknicks 96 washingtonwizards 88 away
houstonrockets 118 orlandomagic 110 away
bostonceltics 94 goldenstatewarriors 86 home
miamiheat 98 memphisgrizzlies 91 home
losangelesclippers 105 clevelandcavaliers 89 away
dallasmavericks 98 brooklynnets 90 away
neworleanspelicans 100 detroitpistons 95 home
sanantoniospurs 130 sacramentokings 102 home
utahjazz 98 charlottehornets 68 home
phoenixsuns 92 atlantahawks 87 home
denvernuggets 105 oklahomacitythunder 103 home
philadelphiaSSers 104 goldenstatewarriors 97 home
chicagobulls 96 brooklynnets 85 home
milwaukeebucks 122 torontoraptors 114 home
portlandtrailblazers 109 minnesotatimberwolves 94 home
miamiheat 99 newyorkknicks 93 away
oklahomacitythunder 108 losangelesclippers 104 away
washingtonwizards 90 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 108 orlandomagic 82 away
sacramentokings 119 charlottehornets 83 home
houstonrockets 136 dallasmavericks 103 home
sanantoniospurs 114 detroitpistons 75 home
indianapacers 97 chicagobulls 92 home
losangeleslakers 99 atlantahawks 98 home
newyorkknicks 102 clevelandcavaliers 97 away
milwaukeebucks 109 utahjazz 108 home
orlandomagic 105 neworleanspelicans 102 away
miamiheat 97 minnesotatimberwolves 81 away
denvernuggets 104 atlantahawks 88 home
portlandtrailblazers 122 charlottehornets 105 home
goldenstatewarriors 125 torontoraptors 118 home
bostonceltics 109 philadelphiaSSers 101 away
oklahomacitythunder 122 losangeleslakers 105 home
denvernuggets 120 sacramentokings 113 away
brooklynnets 99 charlottehornets 78 away
clevelandcavaliers 104 utahjazz 101 home
bostonceltics 83 indianapacers 81 away
atlantahawks 107 philadelphiaSSers 96 home
miamiheat 97 orlandomagic 96 home
newyorkknicks 87 detroitpistons 77 away
memphisgrizzlies 91 portlandtrailblazers 85 home
losangeleslakers 108 neworleanspelicans 102 away
minnesotatimberwolves 87 washingtonwizards 82 home
dallasmavericks 112 houstonrockets 108 home
sanantoniospurs 101 chicagobulls 83 home
torontoraptors 98 phoenixsuns 71 away
losangelesclippers 117 milwaukeebucks 101 home
goldenstatewarriors 87 sacramentokings 83 home
oklahomacitythunder 95 newyorkknicks 94 away
denvernuggets 107 losangelesclippers 92 home
oklahomacitythunder 116 charlottehornets 94 away
indianapacers 115 orlandomagic 86 away
bostonceltics 107 atlantahawks 102 home
brooklynnets 95 washingtonwizards 78 home
dallasmavericks 102 detroitpistons 99 away
memphisgrizzlies 103 clevelandcavaliers 92 away
miamiheat 102 philadelphiaSSers 93 home
chicagobulls 89 utahjazz 88 home
portlandtrailblazers 136 sanantoniospurs 106 away
sacramentokings 121 phoenixsuns 112 home
losangeleslakers 118 torontoraptors 116 home
houstonrockets 94 goldenstatewarriors 88 away
brooklynnets 93 atlantahawks 80 away
newyorkknicks 113 utahjazz 84 home
washingtonwizards 104 charlottehornets 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 96 neworleanspelicans 85 home
denvernuggets 111 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
phoenixsuns 107 houstonrockets 105 home
milwaukeebucks 103 goldenstatewarriors 93 away
oklahomacitythunder 91 bostonceltics 79 home
losangeleslakers 90 chicagobulls 81 home
torontoraptors 100 clevelandcavaliers 96 home
orlandomagic 99 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
miamiheat 105 indianapacers 91 home
neworleanspelicans 98 portlandtrailblazers 96 home
dallasmavericks 100 minnesotatimberwolves 77 away
milwaukeebucks 115 sacramentokings 113 away
losangelesclippers 129 detroitpistons 97 home
goldenstatewarriors 92 newyorkknicks 63 home
philadelphiaSSers 106 brooklynnets 97 home
sanantoniospurs 105 oklahomacitythunder 93 home
utahjazz 103 detroitpistons 90 home
denvernuggets 108 phoenixsuns 93 away
charlottehornets 100 bostonceltics 74 home
losangeleslakers 106 orlandomagic 97 away
clevelandcavaliers 95 washingtonwizards 90 home
brooklynnets 108 neworleanspelicans 98 home
miamiheat 98 atlantahawks 81 home
dallasmavericks 115 milwaukeebucks 108 away
minnesotatimberwolves 107 sanantoniospurs 83 home
memphisgrizzlies 102 portlandtrailblazers 97 away
miamiheat 98 philadelphiaSSers 94 away
washingtonwizards 106 milwaukeebucks 93 home
indianapacers 107 minnesotatimberwolves 91 home
bostonceltics 112 torontoraptors 88 home
atlantahawks 96 losangeleslakers 92 home
houstonrockets 111 phoenixsuns 81 home
oklahomacitythunder 110 utahjazz 87 home
sacramentokings 121 chicagobulls 79 home
denvernuggets 117 newyorkknicks 94 home
memphisgrizzlies 96 losangelesclippers 85 away
goldenstatewarriors 105 detroitpistons 97 home
sanantoniospurs 92 dallasmavericks 91 home
portlandtrailblazers 105 newyorkknicks 90 home
torontoraptors 92 charlottehornets 78 home
washingtonwizards 96 neworleanspelicans 87 home
losangeleslakers 99 indianapacers 93 away
atlantahawks 107 phoenixsuns 94 home
houstonrockets 108 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
oklahomacitythunder 117 orlandomagic 104 home
miamiheat 107 milwaukeebucks 94 away
dallasmavericks 96 clevelandcavaliers 86 home
denvernuggets 87 memphisgrizzlies 80 home
chicagobulls 113 goldenstatewarriors 95 away
washingtonwizards 127 phoenixsuns 105 home
bostonceltics 105 charlottehornets 88 home
philadelphiaSSers 98 indianapacers 91 home
sanantoniospurs 119 clevelandcavaliers 113 home
utahjazz 90 memphisgrizzlies 84 home
portlandtrailblazers 112 detroitpistons 101 home
miamiheat 108 torontoraptors 91 away
milwaukeebucks 115 orlandomagic 109 home
losangelesclippers 93 newyorkknicks 80 home
goldenstatewarriors 108 houstonrockets 78 away
minnesotatimberwolves 97 neworleanspelicans 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 107 dallasmavericks 101 away
atlantahawks 105 brooklynnets 93 away
losangeleslakers 113 sacramentokings 102 home
philadelphiaSSers 101 portlandtrailblazers 100 home
charlottehornets 119 washingtonwizards 114 home
indianapacers 111 clevelandcavaliers 90 away
dallasmavericks 127 atlantahawks 113 away
brooklynnets 119 detroitpistons 82 away
miamiheat 105 bostonceltics 103 away
denvernuggets 119 chicagobulls 118 away
memphisgrizzlies 92 minnesotatimberwolves 77 home
goldenstatewarriors 93 neworleanspelicans 72 away
phoenixsuns 99 losangeleslakers 76 home
newyorkknicks 90 utahjazz 83 away
indianapacers 95 orlandomagic 73 home
milwaukeebucks 102 portlandtrailblazers 95 home
denvernuggets 114 oklahomacitythunder 104 away
sacramentokings 116 losangelesclippers 101 home
charlottehornets 107 torontoraptors 101 home
miamiheat 98 clevelandcavaliers 95 away
newyorkknicks 106 orlandomagic 94 home
atlantahawks 98 milwaukeebucks 90 home
memphisgrizzlies 90 oklahomacitythunder 89 home
neworleanspelicans 87 bostonceltics 86 home
houstonrockets 100 utahjazz 93 home
brooklynnets 113 dallasmavericks 96 away
sanantoniospurs 104 goldenstatewarriors 93 home
washingtonwizards 88 phoenixsuns 79 away
losangelesclippers 101 philadelphiaSSers 72 home
portlandtrailblazers 99 chicagobulls 89 away
denvernuggets 101 philadelphiaSSers 100 home
sacramentokings 101 minnesotatimberwolves 98 home
newyorkknicks 99 torontoraptors 94 away
oklahomacitythunder 97 orlandomagic 89 away
indianapacers 102 milwaukeebucks 78 home
portlandtrailblazers 104 atlantahawks 93 away
miamiheat 103 detroitpistons 89 home
neworleanspelicans 90 memphisgrizzlies 83 home
houstonrockets 116 clevelandcavaliers 78 home
dallasmavericks 104 bostonceltics 94 home
sanantoniospurs 104 utahjazz 97 home
minnesotatimberwolves 117 phoenixsuns 86 away
washingtonwizards 103 losangeleslakers 100 away
detroitpistons 92 charlottehornets 91 away
newyorkknicks 110 torontoraptors 84 home
chicagobulls 87 indianapacers 84 home
memphisgrizzlies 110 bostonceltics 106 home
denvernuggets 101 sacramentokings 95 home
losangelesclippers 101 brooklynnets 95 home
goldenstatewarriors 101 washingtonwizards 92 home
atlantahawks 104 milwaukeebucks 99 away
miamiheat 109 charlottehornets 77 home
houstonrockets 96 sanantoniospurs 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 portlandtrailblazers 83 home
chicagobulls 104 minnesotatimberwolves 97 away
dallasmavericks 113 utahjazz 108 home
brooklynnets 102 phoenixsuns 100 away
philadelphiaSSers 117 sacramentokings 103 away
washingtonwizards 107 memphisgrizzlies 94 home
miamiheat 108 orlandomagic 94 away
indianapacers 100 atlantahawks 94 home
neworleanspelicans 110 denvernuggets 86 home
utahjazz 107 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
goldenstatewarriors 109 losangeleslakers 103 home
newyorkknicks 100 bostonceltics 85 away
minnesotatimberwolves 105 detroitpistons 82 away
dallasmavericks 109 losangelesclippers 102 home
atlantahawks 107 torontoraptors 88 away
philadelphiaSSers 100 milwaukeebucks 92 home
charlottehornets 114 orlandomagic 108 home
bostonceltics 93 clevelandcavaliers 92 away
newyorkknicks 108 memphisgrizzlies 101 home
chicagobulls 101 miamiheat 97 home
losangelesclippers 105 neworleanspelicans 91 away
indianapacers 100 houstonrockets 91 away
oklahomacitythunder 103 washingtonwizards 80 home
losangeleslakers 120 minnesotatimberwolves 117 away
sanantoniospurs 100 denvernuggets 99 home
utahjazz 103 phoenixsuns 88 home
sacramentokings 105 goldenstatewarriors 98 away
brooklynnets 111 portlandtrailblazers 93 away
milwaukeebucks 113 losangeleslakers 103 home
indianapacers 103 dallasmavericks 78 away
sacramentokings 117 phoenixsuns 103 away
orlandomagic 97 washingtonwizards 92 home
bostonceltics 118 atlantahawks 107 home
newyorkknicks 111 charlottehornets 102 home
torontoraptors 99 detroitpistons 82 away
philadelphiaSSers 97 clevelandcavaliers 87 away
memphisgrizzlies 103 houstonrockets 94 home
miamiheat 108 neworleanspelicans 89 away
minnesotatimberwolves 101 oklahomacitythunder 93 home
sanantoniospurs 104 losangelesclippers 102 home
denvernuggets 109 brooklynnets 87 home
utahjazz 105 portlandtrailblazers 95 away
dallasmavericks 100 chicagobulls 98 home
atlantahawks 97 orlandomagic 88 home
philadelphiaSSers 100 charlottehornets 92 home
houstonrockets 98 losangelesclippers 81 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 minnesotatimberwolves 86 away
oklahomacitythunder 109 milwaukeebucks 99 away
utahjazz 116 brooklynnets 107 home
indianapacers 112 phoenixsuns 104 away
losangeleslakers 103 sacramentokings 98 away
goldenstatewarriors 125 portlandtrailblazers 98 home
washingtonwizards 109 torontoraptors 92 home
neworleanspelicans 112 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
chicagobulls 95 detroitpistons 94 home
miamiheat 88 sanantoniospurs 86 away
newyorkknicks 108 bostonceltics 89 home
detroitpistons 108 torontoraptors 98 away
atlantahawks 102 clevelandcavaliers 94 home
milwaukeebucks 131 charlottehornets 102 home
memphisgrizzlies 92 sanantoniospurs 90 home
houstonrockets 111 orlandomagic 103 home
minnesotatimberwolves 110 bostonceltics 100 home
utahjazz 112 portlandtrailblazers 102 home
indianapacers 109 losangelesclippers 106 away
washingtonwizards 90 chicagobulls 86 home
newyorkknicks 102 miamiheat 90 away
losangeleslakers 101 dallasmavericks 81 home
torontoraptors 88 washingtonwizards 78 home
charlottehornets 88 philadelphiaSSers 83 home
newyorkknicks 95 atlantahawks 82 away
brooklynnets 113 clevelandcavaliers 95 away
bostonceltics 98 detroitpistons 93 home
minnesotatimberwolves 107 milwaukeebucks 98 away
sanantoniospurs 98 orlandomagic 84 home
denvernuggets 113 utahjazz 96 away
houstonrockets 112 sacramentokings 102 away
memphisgrizzlies 94 portlandtrailblazers 76 away
losangelesclippers 126 phoenixsuns 101 home
goldenstatewarriors 98 neworleanspelicans 88 home
chicagobulls 92 brooklynnets 90 away
denvernuggets 95 dallasmavericks 94 home
oklahomacitythunder 100 sanantoniospurs 88 home
miamiheat 89 charlottehornets 79 away
clevelandcavaliers 97 bostonceltics 91 away
newyorkknicks 101 milwaukeebucks 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 101 atlantahawks 90 away
oklahomacitythunder 97 indianapacers 75 away
chicagobulls 87 orlandomagic 86 home
torontoraptors 95 minnesotatimberwolves 93 away
utahjazz 95 neworleanspelicans 83 home
goldenstatewarriors 111 phoenixsuns 107 away
dallasmavericks 117 sacramentokings 108 away
houstonrockets 116 portlandtrailblazers 98 away
losangeleslakers 86 memphisgrizzlies 84 home
washingtonwizards 104 indianapacers 85 home
brooklynnets 105 charlottehornets 96 home
miamiheat 106 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
minnesotatimberwolves 107 detroitpistons 101 home
milwaukeebucks 100 torontoraptors 83 home
sanantoniospurs 99 atlantahawks 97 home
denvernuggets 132 houstonrockets 114 home
newyorkknicks 125 oklahomacitythunder 120 away
losangelesclippers 109 losangeleslakers 95 home
bostonceltics 107 washingtonwizards 96 home
clevelandcavaliers 91 orlandomagic 85 home
memphisgrizzlies 89 sacramentokings 87 away
detroitpistons 99 chicagobulls 85 home
utahjazz 97 goldenstatewarriors 90 away
neworleanspelicans 95 phoenixsuns 92 away
dallasmavericks 96 portlandtrailblazers 91 away
indianapacers 99 clevelandcavaliers 94 home
brooklynnets 104 philadelphiaSSers 83 home
newyorkknicks 120 washingtonwizards 99 home
miamiheat 94 milwaukeebucks 83 home
torontoraptors 101 chicagobulls 98 away
memphisgrizzlies 94 charlottehornets 75 home
houstonrockets 101 phoenixsuns 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 90 utahjazz 80 away
losangeleslakers 104 neworleanspelicans 96 home
goldenstatewarriors 105 minnesotatimberwolves 89 home
atlantahawks 124 philadelphiaSSers 101 away
miamiheat 103 washingtonwizards 98 away
orlandomagic 113 milwaukeebucks 103 home
detroitpistons 111 clevelandcavaliers 104 away
brooklynnets 101 bostonceltics 93 away
phoenixsuns 102 dallasmavericks 91 away
sacramentokings 121 neworleanspelicans 110 home
losangeleslakers 113 portlandtrailblazers 106 away
denvernuggets 96 sanantoniospurs 86 home
losangelesclippers 111 minnesotatimberwolves 95 home
chicagobulls 118 newyorkknicks 111 home
oklahomacitythunder 116 goldenstatewarriors 97 away
torontoraptors 97 chicagobulls 88 home
philadelphiaSSers 97 washingtonwizards 86 away
brooklynnets 117 indianapacers 109 away
atlantahawks 109 milwaukeebucks 104 home
miamiheat 109 bostonceltics 101 home
detroitpistons 113 charlottehornets 93 home
newyorkknicks 101 clevelandcavaliers 91 away
losangelesclippers 96 neworleanspelicans 93 away
memphisgrizzlies 82 houstonrockets 78 away
dallasmavericks 108 denvernuggets 105 home
sanantoniospurs 108 sacramentokings 101 home
utahjazz 107 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 portlandtrailblazers 90 away
losangeleslakers 118 goldenstatewarriors 116 home
charlottehornets 95 milwaukeebucks 85 home
bostonceltics 120 orlandomagic 88 away
losangelesclippers 91 memphisgrizzlies 87 away
minnesotatimberwolves 105 phoenixsuns 93 home
miamiheat 105 chicagobulls 93 home
torontoraptors 93 brooklynnets 87 home
newyorkknicks 90 indianapacers 80 home
philadelphiaSSers 91 clevelandcavaliers 77 home
denvernuggets 118 portlandtrailblazers 109 home
dallasmavericks 107 neworleanspelicans 89 away
houstonrockets 121 sacramentokings 100 home
losangeleslakers 91 sanantoniospurs 86 home
chicagobulls 102 orlandomagic 84 away
miamiheat 96 clevelandcavaliers 95 away
brooklynnets 106 washingtonwizards 101 home
detroitpistons 109 philadelphiaSSers 101 home
denvernuggets 112 milwaukeebucks 111 away
memphisgrizzlies 103 dallasmavericks 97 away
oklahomacitythunder 104 sacramentokings 95 home
utahjazz 96 minnesotatimberwolves 80 away
phoenixsuns 119 houstonrockets 112 home
goldenstatewarriors 116 sanantoniospurs 106 home
charlottehornets 106 newyorkknicks 95 home
torontoraptors 113 atlantahawks 96 away
losangelesclippers 93 portlandtrailblazers 77 home
torontoraptors 114 bostonceltics 90 home
brooklynnets 103 detroitpistons 99 home
newyorkknicks 98 atlantahawks 92 home
charlottehornets 105 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
miamiheat 105 orlandomagic 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 105 indianapacers 95 away
chicagobulls 95 washingtonwizards 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 86 utahjazz 70 home
dallasmavericks 99 neworleanspelicans 87 home
minnesotatimberwolves 108 sanantoniospurs 95 away
milwaukeebucks 95 oklahomacitythunder 89 away
denvernuggets 118 phoenixsuns 98 home
losangeleslakers 99 houstonrockets 95 home
losangelesclippers 112 sacramentokings 108 away
goldenstatewarriors 99 portlandtrailblazers 88 away
newyorkknicks 85 bostonceltics 78 home
brooklynnets 106 chicagobulls 89 home
losangelesclippers 112 memphisgrizzlies 91 home
denvernuggets 97 goldenstatewarriors 95 home
miamiheat 110 milwaukeebucks 87 home
indianapacers 107 atlantahawks 90 home
sanantoniospurs 91 losangeleslakers 79 home
oklahomacitythunder 120 houstonrockets 91 home
chicagobulls 90 brooklynnets 82 away
losangelesclippers 93 memphisgrizzlies 91 home
miamiheat 98 milwaukeebucks 86 home
newyorkknicks 87 bostonceltics 71 home
goldenstatewarriors 131 denvernuggets 117 away
indianapacers 113 atlantahawks 98 home
sanantoniospurs 102 losangeleslakers 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 105 houstonrockets 102 home
miamiheat 104 milwaukeebucks 91 away
chicagobulls 79 brooklynnets 76 home
memphisgrizzlies 94 losangelesclippers 82 home
newyorkknicks 90 bostonceltics 76 away
sanantoniospurs 120 losangeleslakers 89 away
goldenstatewarriors 110 denvernuggets 108 home
atlantahawks 90 indianapacers 69 home
chicagobulls 142 brooklynnets 134 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 houstonrockets 101 away
memphisgrizzlies 104 losangelesclippers 83 home
miamiheat 88 milwaukeebucks 77 away
bostonceltics 97 newyorkknicks 90 home
sanantoniospurs 103 losangeleslakers 82 away
goldenstatewarriors 115 denvernuggets 101 home
atlantahawks 102 indianapacers 91 home
brooklynnets 110 chicagobulls 91 home
houstonrockets 105 oklahomacitythunder 103 home
memphisgrizzlies 103 losangelesclippers 93 away
denvernuggets 107 goldenstatewarriors 100 home
bostonceltics 92 newyorkknicks 86 away
indianapacers 106 atlantahawks 83 home
houstonrockets 107 oklahomacitythunder 100 away
brooklynnets 95 chicagobulls 92 away
goldenstatewarriors 92 denvernuggets 88 home
newyorkknicks 88 bostonceltics 80 away
indianapacers 81 atlantahawks 73 away
oklahomacitythunder 103 houstonrockets 94 away
memphisgrizzlies 118 losangelesclippers 105 home
chicagobulls 99 brooklynnets 93 away
oklahomacitythunder 93 memphisgrizzlies 91 home
indianapacers 102 newyorkknicks 95 away
chicagobulls 93 miamiheat 86 away
sanantoniospurs 129 goldenstatewarriors 127 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
newyorkknicks 105 indianapacers 79 home
miamiheat 115 chicagobulls 78 home
goldenstatewarriors 100 sanantoniospurs 91 away
sanantoniospurs 102 goldenstatewarriors 92 away
miamiheat 104 chicagobulls 94 away
memphisgrizzlies 87 oklahomacitythunder 81 home
indianapacers 82 newyorkknicks 71 home
goldenstatewarriors 97 sanantoniospurs 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 103 oklahomacitythunder 97 home
miamiheat 88 chicagobulls 65 away
sanantoniospurs 109 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
indianapacers 93 newyorkknicks 82 home
memphisgrizzlies 88 oklahomacitythunder 84 away
miamiheat 94 chicagobulls 91 home
sanantoniospurs 94 goldenstatewarriors 82 away
newyorkknicks 85 indianapacers 75 home
indianapacers 106 newyorkknicks 99 home
sanantoniospurs 105 memphisgrizzlies 83 home
sanantoniospurs 93 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
miamiheat 103 indianapacers 102 home
indianapacers 97 miamiheat 93 away
sanantoniospurs 104 memphisgrizzlies 93 away
miamiheat 114 indianapacers 96 away
sanantoniospurs 93 memphisgrizzlies 86 away
indianapacers 99 miamiheat 92 home
miamiheat 90 indianapacers 79 home
indianapacers 91 miamiheat 77 home
miamiheat 99 indianapacers 76 home
sanantoniospurs 92 miamiheat 88 away
miamiheat 103 sanantoniospurs 84 home
sanantoniospurs 113 miamiheat 77 home
miamiheat 109 sanantoniospurs 93 away
sanantoniospurs 114 miamiheat 104 home
miamiheat 103 sanantoniospurs 100 home
miamiheat 95 sanantoniospurs 88 home
