indianapacers 97 orlandomagic 87 home
miamiheat 107 chicagobulls 95 home
losangeleslakers 116 losangelesclippers 103 home
clevelandcavaliers 98 brooklynnets 94 home
philadelphiaSSers 114 miamiheat 110 home
torontoraptors 93 bostonceltics 87 home
detroitpistons 113 washingtonwizards 102 home
newyorkknicks 90 milwaukeebucks 83 home
houstonrockets 96 charlottehornets 83 home
minnesotatimberwolves 120 orlandomagic 115 home
indianapacers 95 neworleanspelicans 90 away
dallasmavericks 118 atlantahawks 109 home
sanantoniospurs 101 memphisgrizzlies 94 home
oklahomacitythunder 101 utahjazz 98 away
phoenixsuns 104 portlandtrailblazers 91 home
sacramentokings 90 denvernuggets 88 home
goldenstatewarriors 125 losangeleslakers 94 home
chicagobulls 82 newyorkknicks 81 home
losangelesclippers 126 goldenstatewarriors 115 home
charlottehornets 90 clevelandcavaliers 84 home
orlandomagic 110 neworleanspelicans 90 home
philadelphiaSSers 109 washingtonwizards 102 away
atlantahawks 102 torontoraptors 95 home
milwaukeebucks 105 bostonceltics 98 away
houstonrockets 113 dallasmavericks 105 home
memphisgrizzlies 111 detroitpistons 108 home
minnesotatimberwolves 100 oklahomacitythunder 81 home
brooklynnets 101 miamiheat 100 home
portlandtrailblazers 113 denvernuggets 98 away
phoenixsuns 87 utahjazz 84 home
losangelesclippers 110 sacramentokings 101 away
sanantoniospurs 91 losangeleslakers 85 away
indianapacers 89 clevelandcavaliers 74 home
philadelphiaSSers 107 chicagobulls 104 home
neworleanspelicans 105 charlottehornets 84 home
dallasmavericks 111 memphisgrizzlies 99 home
torontoraptors 97 milwaukeebucks 90 away
houstonrockets 104 utahjazz 93 away
portlandtrailblazers 115 sanantoniospurs 105 home
goldenstatewarriors 98 sacramentokings 87 home
detroitpistons 87 bostonceltics 77 home
miamiheat 103 washingtonwizards 93 home
orlandomagic 107 brooklynnets 86 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 phoenixsuns 96 home
minnesotatimberwolves 109 newyorkknicks 100 away
losangeleslakers 105 atlantahawks 103 home
clevelandcavaliers 93 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
goldenstatewarriors 110 philadelphiaSSers 90 away
memphisgrizzlies 95 bostonceltics 88 home
losangelesclippers 137 houstonrockets 118 home
miamiheat 104 torontoraptors 95 away
brooklynnets 104 utahjazz 88 home
indianapacers 99 detroitpistons 91 away
charlottehornets 102 newyorkknicks 97 away
phoenixsuns 104 neworleanspelicans 98 away
dallasmavericks 123 losangeleslakers 104 home
sanantoniospurs 102 denvernuggets 94 away
houstonrockets 116 portlandtrailblazers 101 away
atlantahawks 105 sacramentokings 100 away
charlottehornets 92 torontoraptors 90 home
indianapacers 97 chicagobulls 80 home
orlandomagic 98 losangelesclippers 90 home
washingtonwizards 116 philadelphiaSSers 102 away
bostonceltics 97 utahjazz 87 home
neworleanspelicans 99 memphisgrizzlies 84 away
milwaukeebucks 109 clevelandcavaliers 104 home
goldenstatewarriors 106 minnesotatimberwolves 93 away
sanantoniospurs 99 phoenixsuns 96 home
oklahomacitythunder 107 dallasmavericks 93 home
miamiheat 102 losangelesclippers 97 home
denvernuggets 109 atlantahawks 107 home
losangeleslakers 99 houstonrockets 98 away
newyorkknicks 101 charlottehornets 91 away
indianapacers 91 torontoraptors 84 home
bostonceltics 91 orlandomagic 89 away
philadelphiaSSers 94 clevelandcavaliers 79 home
washingtonwizards 112 brooklynnets 108 home
oklahomacitythunder 119 detroitpistons 110 away
chicagobulls 97 utahjazz 73 home
minnesotatimberwolves 116 dallasmavericks 108 home
neworleanspelicans 96 losangeleslakers 85 home
sanantoniospurs 76 goldenstatewarriors 74 home
phoenixsuns 114 denvernuggets 103 home
portlandtrailblazers 104 sacramentokings 91 home
torontoraptors 115 utahjazz 91 home
atlantahawks 104 orlandomagic 94 home
indianapacers 96 brooklynnets 91 away
clevelandcavaliers 127 philadelphiaSSers 125 home
bostonceltics 111 miamiheat 110 away
losangelesclippers 107 houstonrockets 94 away
memphisgrizzlies 108 goldenstatewarriors 90 home
dallasmavericks 91 milwaukeebucks 83 away
portlandtrailblazers 96 sacramentokings 85 away
sanantoniospurs 120 newyorkknicks 89 away
oklahomacitythunder 106 washingtonwizards 105 home
phoenixsuns 101 neworleanspelicans 94 home
minnesotatimberwolves 113 losangeleslakers 90 away
atlantahawks 103 charlottehornets 94 away
indianapacers 95 memphisgrizzlies 79 home
sanantoniospurs 109 philadelphiaSSers 85 away
bostonceltics 120 orlandomagic 105 home
chicagobulls 96 clevelandcavaliers 81 home
houstonrockets 110 torontoraptors 104 home
denvernuggets 100 utahjazz 81 away
portlandtrailblazers 109 detroitpistons 103 home
losangelesclippers 109 minnesotatimberwolves 107 home
miamiheat 118 milwaukeebucks 95 home
dallasmavericks 105 washingtonwizards 95 home
goldenstatewarriors 113 detroitpistons 95 home
losangeleslakers 116 neworleanspelicans 95 home
orlandomagic 94 milwaukeebucks 91 home
philadelphiaSSers 123 houstonrockets 117 home
charlottehornets 89 bostonceltics 83 away
torontoraptors 103 memphisgrizzlies 87 away
minnesotatimberwolves 124 clevelandcavaliers 95 home
newyorkknicks 95 atlantahawks 91 away
sanantoniospurs 92 washingtonwizards 79 home
denvernuggets 111 losangeleslakers 99 home
utahjazz 111 neworleanspelicans 105 home
portlandtrailblazers 90 phoenixsuns 89 home
sacramentokings 107 brooklynnets 86 home
losangelesclippers 111 oklahomacitythunder 103 home
houstonrockets 109 newyorkknicks 106 away
goldenstatewarriors 116 oklahomacitythunder 115 home
indianapacers 104 milwaukeebucks 77 home
chicagobulls 96 torontoraptors 80 away
atlantahawks 113 philadelphiaSSers 103 home
portlandtrailblazers 109 bostonceltics 96 away
charlottehornets 86 clevelandcavaliers 80 away
miamiheat 110 dallasmavericks 104 home
denvernuggets 117 minnesotatimberwolves 113 home
brooklynnets 100 phoenixsuns 98 away
sanantoniospurs 91 utahjazz 82 away
memphisgrizzlies 89 losangeleslakers 86 away
detroitpistons 97 sacramentokings 90 away
miamiheat 97 charlottehornets 81 away
dallasmavericks 108 orlandomagic 100 away
clevelandcavaliers 103 washingtonwizards 96 away
atlantahawks 110 newyorkknicks 90 away
chicagobulls 110 indianapacers 94 home
houstonrockets 122 denvernuggets 111 home
minnesotatimberwolves 106 bostonceltics 88 home
neworleanspelicans 135 philadelphiaSSers 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 92 milwaukeebucks 79 away
goldenstatewarriors 102 utahjazz 88 home
losangelesclippers 110 brooklynnets 103 home
portlandtrailblazers 118 torontoraptors 110 away
memphisgrizzlies 97 sacramentokings 86 away
losangeleslakers 114 detroitpistons 99 home
portlandtrailblazers 108 brooklynnets 98 away
chicagobulls 86 charlottehornets 81 home
oklahomacitythunder 115 denvernuggets 113 home
dallasmavericks 97 philadelphiaSSers 94 home
goldenstatewarriors 98 utahjazz 87 away
memphisgrizzlies 106 losangelesclippers 102 away
washingtonwizards 104 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
detroitpistons 92 newyorkknicks 86 home
miamiheat 104 atlantahawks 88 home
houstonrockets 109 bostonceltics 85 home
sacramentokings 107 phoenixsuns 104 home
charlottehornets 95 brooklynnets 91 home
washingtonwizards 98 clevelandcavaliers 91 away
indianapacers 103 newyorkknicks 96 away
miamiheat 120 orlandomagic 92 away
torontoraptors 108 philadelphiaSSers 98 away
atlantahawks 93 detroitpistons 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 91 milwaukeebucks 82 away
losangelesclippers 102 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
neworleanspelicans 105 utahjazz 98 home
sanantoniospurs 104 bostonceltics 93 home
sacramentokings 113 phoenixsuns 106 away
dallasmavericks 123 houstonrockets 120 home
memphisgrizzlies 88 goldenstatewarriors 81 away
oklahomacitythunder 105 losangelesclippers 91 home
denvernuggets 97 chicagobulls 87 home
phoenixsuns 98 charlottehornets 91 away
philadelphiaSSers 115 milwaukeebucks 107 home
torontoraptors 96 washingtonwizards 88 home
indianapacers 97 bostonceltics 82 away
atlantahawks 96 detroitpistons 89 away
sanantoniospurs 102 memphisgrizzlies 86 away
minnesotatimberwolves 111 brooklynnets 81 home
neworleanspelicans 104 clevelandcavaliers 100 home
dallasmavericks 103 utahjazz 93 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 chicagobulls 95 home
losangeleslakers 102 goldenstatewarriors 95 home
losangelesclippers 103 sacramentokings 102 home
indianapacers 106 philadelphiaSSers 98 home
washingtonwizards 98 newyorkknicks 89 home
bostonceltics 94 atlantahawks 87 away
miamiheat 101 orlandomagic 99 home
houstonrockets 112 minnesotatimberwolves 101 home
charlottehornets 96 milwaukeebucks 72 away
sanantoniospurs 126 clevelandcavaliers 96 home
denvernuggets 102 dallasmavericks 100 home
portlandtrailblazers 113 goldenstatewarriors 101 away
detroitpistons 109 brooklynnets 97 away
losangelesclippers 121 chicagobulls 82 home
phoenixsuns 104 orlandomagic 96 away
oklahomacitythunder 95 utahjazz 73 home
losangeleslakers 100 sacramentokings 86 home
bostonceltics 96 charlottehornets 86 away
indianapacers 98 minnesotatimberwolves 84 home
detroitpistons 113 milwaukeebucks 94 home
miamiheat 107 phoenixsuns 92 home
houstonrockets 93 memphisgrizzlies 86 away
denvernuggets 110 dallasmavericks 96 away
sanantoniospurs 112 neworleanspelicans 93 home
utahjazz 89 chicagobulls 83 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 newyorkknicks 91 home
brooklynnets 102 torontoraptors 100 away
washingtonwizards 116 losangeleslakers 111 home
orlandomagic 109 atlantahawks 92 away
goldenstatewarriors 102 neworleanspelicans 101 away
indianapacers 99 charlottehornets 74 away
orlandomagic 105 philadelphiaSSers 94 home
memphisgrizzlies 100 bostonceltics 93 away
losangeleslakers 99 brooklynnets 94 away
miamiheat 95 clevelandcavaliers 84 away
chicagobulls 99 detroitpistons 79 away
houstonrockets 113 atlantahawks 84 home
washingtonwizards 100 milwaukeebucks 92 away
denvernuggets 117 minnesotatimberwolves 110 away
oklahomacitythunder 94 sanantoniospurs 88 home
dallasmavericks 103 goldenstatewarriors 99 home
phoenixsuns 120 portlandtrailblazers 106 home
losangelesclippers 93 newyorkknicks 80 home
charlottehornets 92 milwaukeebucks 76 home
sanantoniospurs 109 orlandomagic 91 away
miamiheat 90 torontoraptors 83 away
atlantahawks 88 dallasmavericks 87 home
bostonceltics 103 clevelandcavaliers 86 home
losangeleslakers 106 detroitpistons 102 away
houstonrockets 114 brooklynnets 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 113 goldenstatewarriors 112 home
indianapacers 93 washingtonwizards 73 home
neworleanspelicans 121 philadelphiaSSers 105 away
denvernuggets 97 newyorkknicks 95 home
phoenixsuns 112 utahjazz 101 away
losangelesclippers 104 sacramentokings 98 away
washingtonwizards 108 atlantahawks 101 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 chicagobulls 93 home
brooklynnets 97 memphisgrizzlies 88 away
minnesotatimberwolves 112 dallasmavericks 106 away
houstonrockets 112 sanantoniospurs 106 away
utahjazz 112 phoenixsuns 104 away
milwaukeebucks 92 bostonceltics 85 home
denvernuggets 112 torontoraptors 98 away
indianapacers 105 losangelesclippers 100 away
detroitpistons 115 philadelphiaSSers 100 home
goldenstatewarriors 115 sacramentokings 113 away
miamiheat 99 charlottehornets 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 113 minnesotatimberwolves 103 home
neworleanspelicans 103 newyorkknicks 99 away
portlandtrailblazers 114 losangeleslakers 108 away
washingtonwizards 98 orlandomagic 80 home
neworleanspelicans 131 chicagobulls 128 away
sanantoniospurs 102 atlantahawks 100 home
utahjazz 109 houstonrockets 103 home
portlandtrailblazers 106 indianapacers 102 home
philadelphiaSSers 126 orlandomagic 125 home
bostonceltics 108 milwaukeebucks 100 home
denvernuggets 111 brooklynnets 87 away
detroitpistons 107 miamiheat 97 away
memphisgrizzlies 110 phoenixsuns 91 home
dallasmavericks 89 charlottehornets 82 home
oklahomacitythunder 97 sacramentokings 95 away
goldenstatewarriors 112 torontoraptors 103 home
clevelandcavaliers 98 denvernuggets 88 home
atlantahawks 107 losangelesclippers 97 home
phoenixsuns 97 houstonrockets 88 away
detroitpistons 105 milwaukeebucks 98 away
dallasmavericks 100 neworleanspelicans 97 away
indianapacers 95 utahjazz 86 away
portlandtrailblazers 111 oklahomacitythunder 104 home
newyorkknicks 113 brooklynnets 83 away
losangelesclippers 101 memphisgrizzlies 81 away
chicagobulls 107 miamiheat 87 home
charlottehornets 105 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
milwaukeebucks 109 washingtonwizards 105 away
atlantahawks 108 clevelandcavaliers 89 home
bostonceltics 106 denvernuggets 98 home
newyorkknicks 121 orlandomagic 83 home
houstonrockets 105 goldenstatewarriors 83 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 neworleanspelicans 95 away
phoenixsuns 106 torontoraptors 97 home
portlandtrailblazers 130 utahjazz 98 home
losangeleslakers 106 sacramentokings 100 away
denvernuggets 103 philadelphiaSSers 92 away
clevelandcavaliers 88 losangelesclippers 82 home
detroitpistons 92 chicagobulls 75 away
goldenstatewarriors 108 memphisgrizzlies 82 away
miamiheat 103 minnesotatimberwolves 82 away
brooklynnets 90 milwaukeebucks 82 away
indianapacers 111 sanantoniospurs 100 away
sacramentokings 112 utahjazz 102 away
dallasmavericks 108 portlandtrailblazers 106 away
bostonceltics 114 newyorkknicks 73 away
miamiheat 110 detroitpistons 95 away
houstonrockets 98 orlandomagic 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 118 indianapacers 94 home
torontoraptors 106 losangeleslakers 94 away
charlottehornets 115 goldenstatewarriors 111 home
losangelesclippers 94 philadelphiaSSers 83 away
denvernuggets 75 washingtonwizards 74 away
memphisgrizzlies 94 orlandomagic 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 105 utahjazz 94 away
sacramentokings 112 dallasmavericks 97 home
clevelandcavaliers 109 newyorkknicks 94 home
indianapacers 90 miamiheat 84 home
sanantoniospurs 116 torontoraptors 103 away
oklahomacitythunder 101 atlantahawks 92 away
brooklynnets 104 bostonceltics 96 home
minnesotatimberwolves 121 detroitpistons 94 away
milwaukeebucks 78 chicagobulls 74 away
phoenixsuns 114 losangeleslakers 108 away
orlandomagic 92 charlottehornets 83 away
losangelesclippers 96 bostonceltics 88 away
oklahomacitythunder 116 memphisgrizzlies 100 away
sanantoniospurs 109 milwaukeebucks 77 away
minnesotatimberwolves 106 philadelphiaSSers 99 home
neworleanspelicans 111 detroitpistons 106 home
newyorkknicks 83 chicagobulls 78 home
utahjazz 122 sacramentokings 101 away
goldenstatewarriors 95 dallasmavericks 93 home
brooklynnets 102 losangelesclippers 93 home
portlandtrailblazers 111 houstonrockets 104 home
indianapacers 99 charlottehornets 94 home
clevelandcavaliers 109 orlandomagic 100 away
torontoraptors 108 philadelphiaSSers 100 home
atlantahawks 101 washingtonwizards 99 home
bostonceltics 90 newyorkknicks 86 home
detroitpistons 103 brooklynnets 99 home
neworleanspelicans 104 memphisgrizzlies 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 122 losangeleslakers 97 home
chicagobulls 91 milwaukeebucks 90 away
sanantoniospurs 117 minnesotatimberwolves 110 home
utahjazz 103 denvernuggets 93 away
phoenixsuns 116 sacramentokings 107 home
houstonrockets 116 goldenstatewarriors 112 away
losangeleslakers 88 charlottehornets 85 away
losangelesclippers 113 washingtonwizards 97 away
miamiheat 114 clevelandcavaliers 107 home
newyorkknicks 111 atlantahawks 106 home
torontoraptors 99 chicagobulls 77 away
portlandtrailblazers 139 philadelphiaSSers 105 away
dallasmavericks 106 milwaukeebucks 93 home
sanantoniospurs 100 utahjazz 84 away
sacramentokings 106 houstonrockets 91 home
minnesotatimberwolves 101 memphisgrizzlies 93 away
portlandtrailblazers 111 detroitpistons 109 away
oklahomacitythunder 101 orlandomagic 98 home
denvernuggets 102 neworleanspelicans 93 home
phoenixsuns 106 goldenstatewarriors 102 home
detroitpistons 101 indianapacers 96 away
atlantahawks 114 losangeleslakers 100 home
bostonceltics 101 minnesotatimberwolves 97 home
brooklynnets 130 philadelphiaSSers 94 home
miamiheat 117 utahjazz 94 home
washingtonwizards 102 newyorkknicks 101 away
orlandomagic 83 chicagobulls 82 away
losangelesclippers 115 sanantoniospurs 92 home
charlottehornets 95 sacramentokings 87 home
portlandtrailblazers 119 clevelandcavaliers 116 away
losangeleslakers 96 memphisgrizzlies 92 away
oklahomacitythunder 105 denvernuggets 93 away
goldenstatewarriors 104 neworleanspelicans 93 home
miamiheat 97 indianapacers 94 home
utahjazz 86 orlandomagic 82 away
charlottehornets 104 torontoraptors 102 away
atlantahawks 124 sacramentokings 107 home
detroitpistons 107 bostonceltics 106 away
washingtonwizards 113 brooklynnets 107 away
newyorkknicks 107 milwaukeebucks 101 away
minnesotatimberwolves 120 portlandtrailblazers 109 home
dallasmavericks 105 memphisgrizzlies 91 home
sanantoniospurs 108 phoenixsuns 101 away
houstonrockets 109 chicagobulls 94 home
losangelesclippers 108 neworleanspelicans 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 107 chicagobulls 95 home
sanantoniospurs 104 goldenstatewarriors 102 away
philadelphiaSSers 121 brooklynnets 120 home
atlantahawks 118 utahjazz 85 home
clevelandcavaliers 114 milwaukeebucks 111 home
charlottehornets 116 detroitpistons 106 away
miamiheat 122 sacramentokings 103 home
indianapacers 114 houstonrockets 81 home
torontoraptors 109 dallasmavericks 108 away
phoenixsuns 103 denvernuggets 99 away
losangeleslakers 104 minnesotatimberwolves 91 home
memphisgrizzlies 95 newyorkknicks 87 away
washingtonwizards 106 bostonceltics 99 away
utahjazz 88 charlottehornets 85 away
sacramentokings 105 orlandomagic 100 away
houstonrockets 114 detroitpistons 97 away
chicagobulls 100 clevelandcavaliers 84 home
milwaukeebucks 116 philadelphiaSSers 106 home
oklahomacitythunder 113 sanantoniospurs 100 away
phoenixsuns 123 dallasmavericks 108 home
portlandtrailblazers 110 neworleanspelicans 107 home
goldenstatewarriors 102 losangeleslakers 83 home
losangelesclippers 112 denvernuggets 91 home
indianapacers 106 bostonceltics 79 home
torontoraptors 104 oklahomacitythunder 98 away
losangelesclippers 120 minnesotatimberwolves 116 home
charlottehornets 111 milwaukeebucks 110 home
detroitpistons 115 clevelandcavaliers 92 away
newyorkknicks 103 orlandomagic 98 away
indianapacers 103 brooklynnets 86 away
miamiheat 121 atlantahawks 119 home
dallasmavericks 111 houstonrockets 104 away
memphisgrizzlies 104 utahjazz 94 home
sanantoniospurs 112 torontoraptors 99 home
goldenstatewarriors 89 denvernuggets 81 away
phoenixsuns 117 losangeleslakers 90 home
neworleanspelicans 113 sacramentokings 100 away
chicagobulls 95 brooklynnets 78 away
oklahomacitythunder 123 newyorkknicks 94 away
miamiheat 101 losangeleslakers 95 away
houstonrockets 111 sanantoniospurs 98 away
goldenstatewarriors 105 losangelesclippers 103 home
atlantahawks 127 clevelandcavaliers 125 away
houstonrockets 100 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
sanantoniospurs 116 dallasmavericks 107 away
portlandtrailblazers 116 losangelesclippers 112 home
oklahomacitythunder 89 charlottehornets 85 away
orlandomagic 109 detroitpistons 92 home
brooklynnets 104 milwaukeebucks 93 home
torontoraptors 95 newyorkknicks 83 away
minnesotatimberwolves 120 washingtonwizards 98 home
neworleanspelicans 105 denvernuggets 89 home
utahjazz 105 losangeleslakers 103 home
sacramentokings 108 miamiheat 103 home
goldenstatewarriors 115 phoenixsuns 86 home
bostonceltics 103 clevelandcavaliers 100 home
indianapacers 105 brooklynnets 91 home
torontoraptors 115 newyorkknicks 100 home
washingtonwizards 106 detroitpistons 82 home
atlantahawks 118 charlottehornets 116 home
dallasmavericks 105 chicagobulls 83 away
houstonrockets 107 neworleanspelicans 98 home
memphisgrizzlies 120 denvernuggets 99 home
minnesotatimberwolves 117 milwaukeebucks 95 away
phoenixsuns 115 philadelphiaSSers 101 home
miamiheat 108 portlandtrailblazers 107 away
losangelesclippers 98 utahjazz 90 home
goldenstatewarriors 108 clevelandcavaliers 104 away
orlandomagic 109 atlantahawks 102 home
oklahomacitythunder 117 houstonrockets 86 home
sanantoniospurs 112 sacramentokings 104 home
philadelphiaSSers 111 losangeleslakers 104 away
washingtonwizards 106 detroitpistons 99 away
chicagobulls 95 memphisgrizzlies 91 away
dallasmavericks 100 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
neworleanspelicans 110 portlandtrailblazers 108 home
miamiheat 97 denvernuggets 94 away
utahjazz 83 charlottehornets 80 home
phoenixsuns 107 losangelesclippers 88 away
atlantahawks 92 bostonceltics 91 away
indianapacers 91 clevelandcavaliers 76 home
goldenstatewarriors 94 orlandomagic 81 away
torontoraptors 85 chicagobulls 79 away
sacramentokings 110 houstonrockets 106 away
sanantoniospurs 113 brooklynnets 92 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 oklahomacitythunder 94 away
milwaukeebucks 94 losangeleslakers 79 away
dallasmavericks 87 washingtonwizards 78 away
torontoraptors 95 indianapacers 82 home
minnesotatimberwolves 124 neworleanspelicans 112 home
philadelphiaSSers 114 denvernuggets 102 away
losangelesclippers 112 charlottehornets 85 home
clevelandcavaliers 87 orlandomagic 81 home
goldenstatewarriors 123 miamiheat 114 away
chicagobulls 94 bostonceltics 82 home
brooklynnets 95 oklahomacitythunder 93 away
newyorkknicks 105 sanantoniospurs 101 away
memphisgrizzlies 99 phoenixsuns 91 away
utahjazz 96 milwaukeebucks 87 home
portlandtrailblazers 134 charlottehornets 104 home
philadelphiaSSers 113 sacramentokings 104 away
torontoraptors 101 washingtonwizards 88 away
goldenstatewarriors 101 atlantahawks 100 away
neworleanspelicans 95 bostonceltics 92 away
houstonrockets 102 newyorkknicks 100 home
losangelesclippers 119 dallasmavericks 112 away
denvernuggets 111 memphisgrizzlies 108 home
losangeleslakers 110 utahjazz 99 home
indianapacers 99 neworleanspelicans 82 home
miamiheat 110 orlandomagic 94 away
brooklynnets 89 clevelandcavaliers 82 home
chicagobulls 91 atlantahawks 84 home
oklahomacitythunder 115 minnesotatimberwolves 111 away
sanantoniospurs 116 losangelesclippers 92 home
phoenixsuns 116 milwaukeebucks 100 home
philadelphiaSSers 101 portlandtrailblazers 99 away
charlottehornets 113 sacramentokings 103 away
memphisgrizzlies 112 detroitpistons 84 away
indianapacers 82 clevelandcavaliers 78 away
miamiheat 102 torontoraptors 97 home
goldenstatewarriors 112 washingtonwizards 96 away
oklahomacitythunder 119 bostonceltics 96 home
newyorkknicks 92 dallasmavericks 80 away
denvernuggets 137 losangeleslakers 115 away
minnesotatimberwolves 126 philadelphiaSSers 95 away
brooklynnets 91 atlantahawks 86 home
losangelesclippers 101 orlandomagic 81 home
washingtonwizards 97 charlottehornets 83 away
clevelandcavaliers 111 philadelphiaSSers 93 home
indianapacers 86 torontoraptors 79 home
miamiheat 107 neworleanspelicans 88 home
newyorkknicks 89 detroitpistons 85 home
chicagobulls 92 phoenixsuns 87 home
sanantoniospurs 110 memphisgrizzlies 108 away
goldenstatewarriors 101 milwaukeebucks 80 away
dallasmavericks 110 losangeleslakers 97 home
denvernuggets 129 bostonceltics 98 home
utahjazz 112 oklahomacitythunder 101 home
sacramentokings 123 portlandtrailblazers 119 home
sanantoniospurs 112 dallasmavericks 90 home
torontoraptors 112 detroitpistons 91 home
atlantahawks 97 indianapacers 87 home
brooklynnets 102 goldenstatewarriors 98 home
phoenixsuns 104 minnesotatimberwolves 103 away
washingtonwizards 102 neworleanspelicans 96 away
houstonrockets 113 losangeleslakers 99 home
portlandtrailblazers 110 orlandomagic 94 home
losangelesclippers 111 bostonceltics 105 home
newyorkknicks 102 miamiheat 92 home
denvernuggets 101 oklahomacitythunder 88 home
indianapacers 93 washingtonwizards 66 home
detroitpistons 114 philadelphiaSSers 104 away
atlantahawks 83 houstonrockets 80 home
memphisgrizzlies 104 phoenixsuns 99 home
minnesotatimberwolves 119 charlottehornets 92 home
dallasmavericks 107 neworleanspelicans 90 away
brooklynnets 104 miamiheat 95 home
chicagobulls 81 milwaukeebucks 72 away
clevelandcavaliers 113 utahjazz 102 away
sacramentokings 103 orlandomagic 83 home
goldenstatewarriors 99 bostonceltics 97 home
losangelesclippers 123 losangeleslakers 87 home
torontoraptors 96 brooklynnets 80 home
houstonrockets 114 washingtonwizards 107 away
detroitpistons 110 phoenixsuns 108 home
newyorkknicks 102 philadelphiaSSers 92 away
chicagobulls 103 charlottehornets 97 home
oklahomacitythunder 101 milwaukeebucks 85 home
dallasmavericks 110 neworleanspelicans 107 home
denvernuggets 120 orlandomagic 94 home
portlandtrailblazers 112 bostonceltics 104 home
sacramentokings 124 clevelandcavaliers 80 home
memphisgrizzlies 108 atlantahawks 101 home
sanantoniospurs 104 minnesotatimberwolves 86 home
torontoraptors 116 milwaukeebucks 94 home
houstonrockets 104 bostonceltics 92 away
newyorkknicks 98 phoenixsuns 96 home
washingtonwizards 102 chicagobulls 88 away
sanantoniospurs 101 neworleanspelicans 95 away
dallasmavericks 107 orlandomagic 88 home
utahjazz 118 denvernuggets 103 home
charlottehornets 108 newyorkknicks 98 home
indianapacers 116 sacramentokings 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 90 oklahomacitythunder 87 home
clevelandcavaliers 120 losangeleslakers 118 away
chicagobulls 128 orlandomagic 125 away
philadelphiaSSers 95 charlottehornets 92 home
washingtonwizards 114 miamiheat 97 home
bostonceltics 88 torontoraptors 83 home
memphisgrizzlies 82 milwaukeebucks 77 away
sacramentokings 111 minnesotatimberwolves 108 away
houstonrockets 103 neworleanspelicans 100 away
sanantoniospurs 109 utahjazz 105 home
phoenixsuns 121 losangeleslakers 114 home
portlandtrailblazers 108 clevelandcavaliers 96 home
denvernuggets 123 goldenstatewarriors 116 away
losangelesclippers 129 dallasmavericks 127 home
indianapacers 117 newyorkknicks 89 home
brooklynnets 127 atlantahawks 110 away
oklahomacitythunder 104 houstonrockets 92 away
losangelesclippers 109 newyorkknicks 95 away
charlottehornets 111 orlandomagic 101 away
miamiheat 101 philadelphiaSSers 86 away
torontoraptors 94 minnesotatimberwolves 89 home
washingtonwizards 96 chicagobulls 93 home
losangeleslakers 107 bostonceltics 104 away
utahjazz 110 detroitpistons 89 away
memphisgrizzlies 91 sacramentokings 90 home
portlandtrailblazers 109 sanantoniospurs 100 away
clevelandcavaliers 117 denvernuggets 109 away
dallasmavericks 110 phoenixsuns 107 away
oklahomacitythunder 127 goldenstatewarriors 121 home
miamiheat 104 charlottehornets 96 away
indianapacers 106 losangelesclippers 92 home
detroitpistons 104 washingtonwizards 98 away
chicagobulls 103 philadelphiaSSers 78 home
houstonrockets 114 milwaukeebucks 104 home
minnesotatimberwolves 98 utahjazz 72 home
goldenstatewarriors 97 neworleanspelicans 87 away
portlandtrailblazers 127 dallasmavericks 111 away
losangeleslakers 112 torontoraptors 106 away
orlandomagic 93 bostonceltics 91 home
oklahomacitythunder 108 sacramentokings 93 home
sanantoniospurs 110 milwaukeebucks 82 home
phoenixsuns 117 denvernuggets 103 home
dallasmavericks 102 clevelandcavaliers 97 away
losangelesclippers 112 detroitpistons 103 away
charlottehornets 100 torontoraptors 95 home
washingtonwizards 107 philadelphiaSSers 99 home
brooklynnets 103 newyorkknicks 80 away
neworleanspelicans 95 memphisgrizzlies 92 away
atlantahawks 121 miamiheat 114 home
chicagobulls 102 losangeleslakers 100 home
houstonrockets 126 portlandtrailblazers 113 home
indianapacers 102 goldenstatewarriors 94 away
brooklynnets 101 orlandomagic 90 home
miamiheat 93 bostonceltics 86 home
sacramentokings 114 neworleanspelicans 97 away
oklahomacitythunder 105 portlandtrailblazers 97 home
minnesotatimberwolves 112 utahjazz 97 away
charlottehornets 95 losangelesclippers 91 home
chicagobulls 98 clevelandcavaliers 87 away
atlantahawks 112 orlandomagic 109 away
torontoraptors 93 dallasmavericks 85 home
bostonceltics 113 washingtonwizards 111 away
philadelphiaSSers 110 newyorkknicks 106 away
houstonrockets 119 sacramentokings 98 home
milwaukeebucks 104 detroitpistons 101 home
phoenixsuns 124 indianapacers 100 home
oklahomacitythunder 111 sanantoniospurs 105 away
miamiheat 109 losangeleslakers 102 home
portlandtrailblazers 110 denvernuggets 105 home
brooklynnets 107 dallasmavericks 106 home
clevelandcavaliers 93 milwaukeebucks 78 home
neworleanspelicans 103 detroitpistons 101 away
newyorkknicks 125 charlottehornets 96 home
losangelesclippers 112 chicagobulls 95 away
memphisgrizzlies 88 houstonrockets 87 away
washingtonwizards 101 phoenixsuns 95 away
indianapacers 116 sacramentokings 111 away
minnesotatimberwolves 121 goldenstatewarriors 120 away
orlandomagic 114 losangeleslakers 105 home
torontoraptors 104 philadelphiaSSers 95 away
sanantoniospurs 105 atlantahawks 79 away
oklahomacitythunder 101 bostonceltics 83 away
chicagobulls 89 charlottehornets 87 away
losangelesclippers 126 torontoraptors 118 away
oklahomacitythunder 103 philadelphiaSSers 91 away
memphisgrizzlies 99 houstonrockets 81 home
atlantahawks 112 milwaukeebucks 87 away
denvernuggets 109 indianapacers 96 home
utahjazz 104 washingtonwizards 101 home
portlandtrailblazers 115 minnesotatimberwolves 104 home
miamiheat 113 sanantoniospurs 101 home
newyorkknicks 110 losangeleslakers 103 home
neworleanspelicans 100 orlandomagic 92 home
phoenixsuns 99 clevelandcavaliers 90 away
brooklynnets 85 bostonceltics 79 away
dallasmavericks 116 detroitpistons 106 home
goldenstatewarriors 103 portlandtrailblazers 88 home
denvernuggets 125 sacramentokings 117 away
phoenixsuns 124 philadelphiaSSers 113 away
torontoraptors 104 brooklynnets 103 away
minnesotatimberwolves 95 chicagobulls 86 away
losangelesclippers 114 milwaukeebucks 86 away
oklahomacitythunder 111 atlantahawks 109 home
utahjazz 106 sacramentokings 99 home
neworleanspelicans 100 clevelandcavaliers 89 away
detroitpistons 103 orlandomagic 87 home
newyorkknicks 114 bostonceltics 88 home
houstonrockets 97 sanantoniospurs 90 home
memphisgrizzlies 98 portlandtrailblazers 81 away
washingtonwizards 88 goldenstatewarriors 85 away
indianapacers 104 losangeleslakers 92 away
oklahomacitythunder 112 miamiheat 95 away
torontoraptors 98 orlandomagic 83 home
philadelphiaSSers 95 bostonceltics 94 away
phoenixsuns 126 milwaukeebucks 117 away
minnesotatimberwolves 88 neworleanspelicans 77 home
houstonrockets 117 dallasmavericks 115 away
charlottehornets 101 denvernuggets 98 away
chicagobulls 96 sanantoniospurs 86 away
memphisgrizzlies 99 sacramentokings 89 away
losangelesclippers 110 washingtonwizards 103 home
phoenixsuns 102 indianapacers 94 away
newyorkknicks 117 clevelandcavaliers 86 home
goldenstatewarriors 111 losangelesclippers 92 home
orlandomagic 113 milwaukeebucks 102 home
atlantahawks 125 philadelphiaSSers 99 away
memphisgrizzlies 94 minnesotatimberwolves 90 away
oklahomacitythunder 120 brooklynnets 95 away
dallasmavericks 107 sacramentokings 103 home
torontoraptors 100 denvernuggets 90 away
charlottehornets 110 losangeleslakers 100 away
goldenstatewarriors 95 utahjazz 90 away
indianapacers 97 brooklynnets 96 home
washingtonwizards 96 oklahomacitythunder 81 home
atlantahawks 120 minnesotatimberwolves 113 home
detroitpistons 113 philadelphiaSSers 96 home
houstonrockets 106 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 milwaukeebucks 90 home
neworleanspelicans 88 chicagobulls 79 home
sanantoniospurs 95 sacramentokings 93 home
miamiheat 106 newyorkknicks 91 away
phoenixsuns 105 charlottehornets 95 home
portlandtrailblazers 106 torontoraptors 103 home
losangelesclippers 102 utahjazz 87 home
bostonceltics 96 orlandomagic 89 home
indianapacers 98 orlandomagic 79 home
washingtonwizards 100 portlandtrailblazers 90 home
brooklynnets 108 philadelphiaSSers 102 home
miamiheat 102 detroitpistons 96 home
milwaukeebucks 101 newyorkknicks 98 home
sanantoniospurs 102 neworleanspelicans 95 away
oklahomacitythunder 86 memphisgrizzlies 77 home
dallasmavericks 124 clevelandcavaliers 107 home
denvernuggets 116 losangelesclippers 115 home
torontoraptors 94 utahjazz 79 away
sacramentokings 99 chicagobulls 70 home
indianapacers 89 atlantahawks 85 away
minnesotatimberwolves 109 losangeleslakers 99 home
chicagobulls 101 phoenixsuns 92 away
charlottehornets 91 goldenstatewarriors 75 away
losangeleslakers 119 clevelandcavaliers 108 away
bostonceltics 114 philadelphiaSSers 108 away
sanantoniospurs 125 washingtonwizards 118 away
portlandtrailblazers 94 newyorkknicks 90 away
houstonrockets 122 phoenixsuns 108 home
dallasmavericks 110 memphisgrizzlies 96 away
neworleanspelicans 105 atlantahawks 100 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 minnesotatimberwolves 97 home
orlandomagic 112 detroitpistons 98 home
denvernuggets 110 milwaukeebucks 100 home
sacramentokings 109 torontoraptors 101 home
miamiheat 116 losangelesclippers 112 away
brooklynnets 103 sanantoniospurs 89 home
goldenstatewarriors 102 chicagobulls 87 home
indianapacers 118 portlandtrailblazers 113 home
orlandomagic 103 oklahomacitythunder 102 home
losangeleslakers 112 philadelphiaSSers 98 away
clevelandcavaliers 115 washingtonwizards 113 away
bostonceltics 99 sacramentokings 89 home
detroitpistons 111 brooklynnets 95 home
newyorkknicks 117 denvernuggets 90 home
dallasmavericks 103 utahjazz 81 home
neworleanspelicans 98 minnesotatimberwolves 91 home
losangelesclippers 118 torontoraptors 105 home
sanantoniospurs 104 charlottehornets 100 away
memphisgrizzlies 79 atlantahawks 76 away
detroitpistons 126 denvernuggets 109 home
portlandtrailblazers 117 minnesotatimberwolves 110 away
houstonrockets 101 milwaukeebucks 95 away
phoenixsuns 122 goldenstatewarriors 109 home
utahjazz 94 miamiheat 89 home
oklahomacitythunder 112 newyorkknicks 100 home
chicagobulls 92 losangeleslakers 86 away
dallasmavericks 102 bostonceltics 91 away
brooklynnets 93 neworleanspelicans 81 home
clevelandcavaliers 91 memphisgrizzlies 83 home
orlandomagic 93 indianapacers 92 home
washingtonwizards 93 sacramentokings 84 home
losangelesclippers 123 philadelphiaSSers 78 home
indianapacers 119 denvernuggets 80 home
torontoraptors 108 neworleanspelicans 101 home
detroitpistons 109 sanantoniospurs 100 home
bostonceltics 102 milwaukeebucks 86 away
houstonrockets 107 minnesotatimberwolves 89 away
goldenstatewarriors 123 philadelphiaSSers 80 home
charlottehornets 114 dallasmavericks 89 home
clevelandcavaliers 109 sacramentokings 99 home
chicagobulls 100 atlantahawks 85 home
memphisgrizzlies 92 washingtonwizards 89 home
miamiheat 103 phoenixsuns 97 away
oklahomacitythunder 98 portlandtrailblazers 95 away
utahjazz 96 losangeleslakers 79 away
dallasmavericks 81 indianapacers 73 away
memphisgrizzlies 86 orlandomagic 81 away
torontoraptors 104 atlantahawks 83 home
sanantoniospurs 104 bostonceltics 92 away
brooklynnets 105 charlottehornets 89 home
clevelandcavaliers 93 detroitpistons 89 away
sacramentokings 106 newyorkknicks 101 away
houstonrockets 113 washingtonwizards 112 home
neworleanspelicans 102 milwaukeebucks 98 away
minnesotatimberwolves 117 denvernuggets 90 home
utahjazz 105 philadelphiaSSers 100 home
miamiheat 111 goldenstatewarriors 110 away
losangelesclippers 122 portlandtrailblazers 117 home
chicagobulls 92 brooklynnets 76 home
oklahomacitythunder 107 losangeleslakers 103 away
indianapacers 108 atlantahawks 98 home
clevelandcavaliers 114 philadelphiaSSers 85 away
torontoraptors 103 washingtonwizards 93 away
charlottehornets 108 detroitpistons 96 away
memphisgrizzlies 98 newyorkknicks 93 home
milwaukeebucks 104 orlandomagic 100 home
miamiheat 117 dallasmavericks 106 away
phoenixsuns 112 denvernuggets 107 away
sanantoniospurs 113 losangelesclippers 103 away
charlottehornets 116 detroitpistons 98 home
clevelandcavaliers 101 orlandomagic 93 home
chicagobulls 94 torontoraptors 92 away
washingtonwizards 114 atlantahawks 97 away
minnesotatimberwolves 104 indianapacers 91 home
newyorkknicks 98 neworleanspelicans 91 away
phoenixsuns 100 bostonceltics 94 home
brooklynnets 105 utahjazz 99 away
sanantoniospurs 111 portlandtrailblazers 109 away
goldenstatewarriors 101 sacramentokings 92 away
houstonrockets 134 losangeleslakers 108 away
denvernuggets 101 milwaukeebucks 90 away
miamiheat 103 oklahomacitythunder 81 away
goldenstatewarriors 102 houstonrockets 99 home
charlottehornets 90 neworleanspelicans 87 home
orlandomagic 129 newyorkknicks 121 home
dallasmavericks 124 philadelphiaSSers 112 away
torontoraptors 98 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
detroitpistons 115 atlantahawks 107 home
chicagobulls 117 denvernuggets 89 home
memphisgrizzlies 102 losangelesclippers 96 home
phoenixsuns 106 sanantoniospurs 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 utahjazz 94 home
losangeleslakers 101 bostonceltics 92 home
charlottehornets 92 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
washingtonwizards 94 neworleanspelicans 93 home
atlantahawks 107 newyorkknicks 98 home
dallasmavericks 113 detroitpistons 102 away
indianapacers 110 milwaukeebucks 100 away
minnesotatimberwolves 121 utahjazz 104 away
sacramentokings 105 bostonceltics 98 home
goldenstatewarriors 93 brooklynnets 86 home
losangelesclippers 125 oklahomacitythunder 117 away
miamiheat 93 chicagobulls 79 home
washingtonwizards 96 clevelandcavaliers 83 away
torontoraptors 105 orlandomagic 90 home
sacramentokings 109 denvernuggets 95 away
houstonrockets 115 phoenixsuns 112 away
brooklynnets 108 losangeleslakers 102 away
portlandtrailblazers 108 minnesotatimberwolves 97 home
milwaukeebucks 130 philadelphiaSSers 110 away
goldenstatewarriors 104 detroitpistons 96 away
dallasmavericks 110 newyorkknicks 108 away
losangelesclippers 123 neworleanspelicans 110 away
utahjazz 110 bostonceltics 98 home
torontoraptors 99 clevelandcavaliers 93 away
indianapacers 118 losangeleslakers 98 home
washingtonwizards 115 orlandomagic 106 home
chicagobulls 107 atlantahawks 103 away
portlandtrailblazers 100 denvernuggets 95 away
minnesotatimberwolves 110 phoenixsuns 101 away
houstonrockets 129 sacramentokings 103 away
orlandomagic 101 philadelphiaSSers 90 away
bostonceltics 115 atlantahawks 104 home
chicagobulls 103 goldenstatewarriors 83 home
dallasmavericks 108 neworleanspelicans 89 home
memphisgrizzlies 108 losangeleslakers 103 home
clevelandcavaliers 114 oklahomacitythunder 104 away
sanantoniospurs 120 detroitpistons 110 home
utahjazz 109 phoenixsuns 86 home
portlandtrailblazers 124 brooklynnets 80 home
losangelesclippers 101 houstonrockets 93 home
indianapacers 101 milwaukeebucks 96 home
washingtonwizards 134 torontoraptors 129 away
miamiheat 108 newyorkknicks 82 home
brooklynnets 112 denvernuggets 89 away
clevelandcavaliers 99 utahjazz 79 home
oklahomacitythunder 113 memphisgrizzlies 107 home
goldenstatewarriors 126 newyorkknicks 103 away
chicagobulls 100 dallasmavericks 91 away
sanantoniospurs 92 charlottehornets 82 home
losangeleslakers 126 sacramentokings 122 home
phoenixsuns 116 neworleanspelicans 104 home
miamiheat 112 orlandomagic 98 home
washingtonwizards 122 philadelphiaSSers 103 away
houstonrockets 118 detroitpistons 110 home
indianapacers 102 bostonceltics 97 away
brooklynnets 107 milwaukeebucks 98 away
memphisgrizzlies 110 clevelandcavaliers 96 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 denvernuggets 96 home
minnesotatimberwolves 108 sacramentokings 97 away
losangelesclippers 108 neworleanspelicans 76 home
chicagobulls 109 newyorkknicks 90 home
torontoraptors 104 goldenstatewarriors 98 home
indianapacers 94 utahjazz 91 home
orlandomagic 92 philadelphiaSSers 81 home
oklahomacitythunder 116 charlottehornets 99 home
sanantoniospurs 112 dallasmavericks 106 home
phoenixsuns 129 atlantahawks 120 home
miamiheat 124 charlottehornets 107 home
milwaukeebucks 114 utahjazz 88 home
minnesotatimberwolves 132 denvernuggets 128 away
losangeleslakers 107 portlandtrailblazers 106 away
sacramentokings 96 neworleanspelicans 89 home
memphisgrizzlies 110 washingtonwizards 104 away
brooklynnets 96 chicagobulls 80 home
detroitpistons 96 newyorkknicks 85 home
sanantoniospurs 122 clevelandcavaliers 101 away
goldenstatewarriors 98 indianapacers 96 away
houstonrockets 106 miamiheat 103 home
oklahomacitythunder 125 philadelphiaSSers 92 home
losangelesclippers 104 phoenixsuns 96 away
neworleanspelicans 132 losangeleslakers 125 away
charlottehornets 109 indianapacers 87 home
houstonrockets 101 orlandomagic 89 away
washingtonwizards 104 utahjazz 91 home
goldenstatewarriors 108 bostonceltics 88 away
brooklynnets 103 memphisgrizzlies 94 home
chicagobulls 105 detroitpistons 94 away
sacramentokings 116 milwaukeebucks 102 away
newyorkknicks 118 minnesotatimberwolves 106 away
denvernuggets 115 dallasmavericks 110 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 atlantahawks 78 home
sanantoniospurs 111 miamiheat 87 home
phoenixsuns 128 oklahomacitythunder 122 home
losangelesclippers 142 losangeleslakers 94 home
memphisgrizzlies 85 chicagobulls 77 away
charlottehornets 101 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
torontoraptors 99 sacramentokings 87 home
bostonceltics 91 brooklynnets 84 home
newyorkknicks 108 utahjazz 81 home
minnesotatimberwolves 114 detroitpistons 101 home
neworleanspelicans 112 milwaukeebucks 104 home
dallasmavericks 103 portlandtrailblazers 98 home
denvernuggets 134 losangeleslakers 126 home
houstonrockets 112 indianapacers 86 home
goldenstatewarriors 111 atlantahawks 97 home
newyorkknicks 107 clevelandcavaliers 97 away
utahjazz 104 philadelphiaSSers 92 away
memphisgrizzlies 111 charlottehornets 89 home
washingtonwizards 114 milwaukeebucks 107 away
sanantoniospurs 121 orlandomagic 112 home
losangelesclippers 109 atlantahawks 108 home
chicagobulls 95 miamiheat 88 home
losangeleslakers 114 oklahomacitythunder 110 home
neworleanspelicans 111 denvernuggets 107 home
bostonceltics 118 detroitpistons 111 home
brooklynnets 104 sacramentokings 89 home
houstonrockets 118 portlandtrailblazers 113 home
torontoraptors 111 minnesotatimberwolves 104 away
dallasmavericks 105 indianapacers 94 home
goldenstatewarriors 113 phoenixsuns 107 home
charlottehornets 105 denvernuggets 98 home
brooklynnets 101 torontoraptors 97 home
miamiheat 99 washingtonwizards 90 home
newyorkknicks 123 philadelphiaSSers 110 home
milwaukeebucks 105 orlandomagic 98 home
atlantahawks 112 utahjazz 110 away
losangelesclippers 112 phoenixsuns 105 home
indianapacers 94 bostonceltics 83 home
detroitpistons 99 sacramentokings 89 home
sanantoniospurs 104 chicagobulls 96 away
memphisgrizzlies 109 portlandtrailblazers 99 home
minnesotatimberwolves 112 milwaukeebucks 101 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 houstonrockets 98 home
goldenstatewarriors 108 dallasmavericks 85 home
brooklynnets 96 miamiheat 95 away
denvernuggets 120 orlandomagic 112 away
sacramentokings 115 philadelphiaSSers 98 away
torontoraptors 101 detroitpistons 87 home
charlottehornets 98 washingtonwizards 85 away
newyorkknicks 116 bostonceltics 92 away
memphisgrizzlies 90 neworleanspelicans 88 away
dallasmavericks 108 utahjazz 101 away
sanantoniospurs 103 portlandtrailblazers 90 home
clevelandcavaliers 110 phoenixsuns 101 away
losangelesclippers 111 goldenstatewarriors 98 home
chicagobulls 111 houstonrockets 87 home
atlantahawks 102 milwaukeebucks 97 home
oklahomacitythunder 131 losangeleslakers 102 home
charlottehornets 105 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
washingtonwizards 105 orlandomagic 101 away
indianapacers 101 philadelphiaSSers 94 away
torontoraptors 99 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
phoenixsuns 87 bostonceltics 80 away
denvernuggets 111 miamiheat 107 away
portlandtrailblazers 111 neworleanspelicans 103 away
sanantoniospurs 119 losangeleslakers 85 home
losangelesclippers 96 utahjazz 87 away
clevelandcavaliers 103 goldenstatewarriors 94 away
newyorkknicks 115 milwaukeebucks 94 home
washingtonwizards 101 brooklynnets 94 home
atlantahawks 97 denvernuggets 92 home
indianapacers 112 detroitpistons 104 away
memphisgrizzlies 103 philadelphiaSSers 77 away
chicagobulls 94 sacramentokings 87 home
charlottehornets 101 milwaukeebucks 92 away
phoenixsuns 121 torontoraptors 113 away
miamiheat 113 houstonrockets 104 home
neworleanspelicans 121 bostonceltics 120 home
minnesotatimberwolves 104 sacramentokings 102 home
dallasmavericks 109 oklahomacitythunder 86 away
sanantoniospurs 122 utahjazz 104 home
goldenstatewarriors 113 portlandtrailblazers 112 away
losangelesclippers 102 clevelandcavaliers 80 home
atlantahawks 97 charlottehornets 83 away
indianapacers 99 philadelphiaSSers 90 home
brooklynnets 108 phoenixsuns 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 97 chicagobulls 85 away
houstonrockets 124 utahjazz 86 home
dallasmavericks 94 bostonceltics 89 home
denvernuggets 110 losangelesclippers 100 home
miamiheat 100 clevelandcavaliers 96 away
atlantahawks 118 torontoraptors 113 home
portlandtrailblazers 120 milwaukeebucks 115 home
sacramentokings 117 washingtonwizards 111 home
goldenstatewarriors 103 orlandomagic 89 home
chicagobulls 102 philadelphiaSSers 94 away
bostonceltics 101 miamiheat 96 home
brooklynnets 104 charlottehornets 99 home
memphisgrizzlies 96 utahjazz 86 home
torontoraptors 107 neworleanspelicans 100 away
newyorkknicks 92 indianapacers 86 home
minnesotatimberwolves 123 dallasmavericks 122 away
denvernuggets 118 detroitpistons 109 home
phoenixsuns 109 orlandomagic 93 home
sanantoniospurs 125 losangeleslakers 109 away
oklahomacitythunder 102 clevelandcavaliers 95 away
houstonrockets 129 minnesotatimberwolves 106 home
portlandtrailblazers 116 washingtonwizards 103 home
goldenstatewarriors 115 milwaukeebucks 110 home
indianapacers 91 chicagobulls 79 home
newyorkknicks 93 philadelphiaSSers 92 away
oklahomacitythunder 119 torontoraptors 118 away
neworleanspelicans 111 atlantahawks 105 away
brooklynnets 114 bostonceltics 98 home
miamiheat 91 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
dallasmavericks 122 denvernuggets 106 home
phoenixsuns 98 detroitpistons 92 home
sanantoniospurs 99 sacramentokings 79 away
washingtonwizards 117 losangeleslakers 107 away
charlottehornets 124 portlandtrailblazers 94 home
houstonrockets 118 clevelandcavaliers 111 away
chicagobulls 91 philadelphiaSSers 81 home
memphisgrizzlies 82 indianapacers 71 home
neworleanspelicans 105 miamiheat 95 home
utahjazz 89 orlandomagic 88 home
sanantoniospurs 99 goldenstatewarriors 90 away
losangelesclippers 112 detroitpistons 103 home
torontoraptors 96 atlantahawks 86 home
phoenixsuns 127 minnesotatimberwolves 120 away
denvernuggets 105 washingtonwizards 102 home
sacramentokings 124 milwaukeebucks 107 home
brooklynnets 107 dallasmavericks 104 away
clevelandcavaliers 106 newyorkknicks 100 away
losangeleslakers 103 orlandomagic 94 home
houstonrockets 100 charlottehornets 89 away
phoenixsuns 102 atlantahawks 95 away
miamiheat 93 portlandtrailblazers 91 home
chicagobulls 89 indianapacers 77 home
memphisgrizzlies 109 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
neworleanspelicans 109 brooklynnets 104 home
oklahomacitythunder 117 denvernuggets 96 home
sanantoniospurs 113 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
detroitpistons 114 utahjazz 94 away
losangelesclippers 106 milwaukeebucks 98 home
clevelandcavaliers 102 torontoraptors 100 home
orlandomagic 95 portlandtrailblazers 85 home
dallasmavericks 128 oklahomacitythunder 119 home
losangeleslakers 127 newyorkknicks 96 home
charlottehornets 116 brooklynnets 111 home
phoenixsuns 99 washingtonwizards 93 away
torontoraptors 99 bostonceltics 90 away
clevelandcavaliers 97 detroitpistons 96 away
minnesotatimberwolves 107 atlantahawks 83 home
neworleanspelicans 98 losangelesclippers 96 home
indianapacers 84 miamiheat 83 home
sanantoniospurs 108 denvernuggets 103 home
newyorkknicks 107 sacramentokings 99 away
memphisgrizzlies 91 utahjazz 87 away
portlandtrailblazers 100 atlantahawks 85 away
houstonrockets 120 philadelphiaSSers 98 home
milwaukeebucks 108 losangeleslakers 105 home
losangelesclippers 109 dallasmavericks 103 away
orlandomagic 110 charlottehornets 105 home
torontoraptors 105 bostonceltics 103 home
washingtonwizards 91 indianapacers 78 home
brooklynnets 108 clevelandcavaliers 97 home
miamiheat 110 detroitpistons 78 away
portlandtrailblazers 91 chicagobulls 74 away
minnesotatimberwolves 143 losangeleslakers 107 home
neworleanspelicans 102 utahjazz 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 94 sacramentokings 81 home
sanantoniospurs 133 denvernuggets 102 away
phoenixsuns 112 newyorkknicks 88 home
goldenstatewarriors 100 memphisgrizzlies 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 123 detroitpistons 98 home
losangelesclippers 118 houstonrockets 107 away
washingtonwizards 101 atlantahawks 97 home
dallasmavericks 103 sacramentokings 100 home
miamiheat 88 milwaukeebucks 67 away
sanantoniospurs 96 neworleanspelicans 80 home
oklahomacitythunder 116 utahjazz 96 home
clevelandcavaliers 90 indianapacers 76 home
brooklynnets 114 minnesotatimberwolves 99 home
torontoraptors 98 orlandomagic 93 away
chicagobulls 107 bostonceltics 102 away
newyorkknicks 89 goldenstatewarriors 84 away
portlandtrailblazers 105 memphisgrizzlies 98 home
losangeleslakers 115 phoenixsuns 99 home
charlottehornets 100 washingtonwizards 94 home
sanantoniospurs 103 indianapacers 77 away
atlantahawks 103 philadelphiaSSers 95 home
detroitpistons 116 milwaukeebucks 111 home
miamiheat 93 torontoraptors 83 home
chicagobulls 94 bostonceltics 80 home
losangelesclippers 114 minnesotatimberwolves 104 away
sacramentokings 102 neworleanspelicans 97 away
memphisgrizzlies 94 denvernuggets 92 away
newyorkknicks 92 utahjazz 83 away
brooklynnets 105 houstonrockets 96 home
goldenstatewarriors 122 dallasmavericks 120 away
portlandtrailblazers 124 losangeleslakers 112 away
indianapacers 101 detroitpistons 94 home
newyorkknicks 110 brooklynnets 81 home
clevelandcavaliers 119 orlandomagic 98 away
charlottehornets 123 philadelphiaSSers 93 away
torontoraptors 107 houstonrockets 103 home
washingtonwizards 118 bostonceltics 92 home
chicagobulls 105 atlantahawks 92 away
miamiheat 96 milwaukeebucks 77 home
minnesotatimberwolves 102 memphisgrizzlies 88 home
sanantoniospurs 111 goldenstatewarriors 90 home
denvernuggets 137 neworleanspelicans 107 home
losangelesclippers 112 phoenixsuns 108 away
sacramentokings 107 losangeleslakers 102 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 sanantoniospurs 94 home
dallasmavericks 113 losangelesclippers 107 away
memphisgrizzlies 100 denvernuggets 92 home
charlottehornets 91 orlandomagic 80 home
torontoraptors 102 indianapacers 94 home
atlantahawks 117 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
philadelphiaSSers 111 bostonceltics 102 away
brooklynnets 116 detroitpistons 104 home
minnesotatimberwolves 122 miamiheat 121 away
washingtonwizards 90 newyorkknicks 89 away
chicagobulls 102 milwaukeebucks 90 home
utahjazz 100 neworleanspelicans 96 home
houstonrockets 111 oklahomacitythunder 107 home
phoenixsuns 109 portlandtrailblazers 93 away
goldenstatewarriors 102 sacramentokings 69 home
dallasmavericks 107 losangeleslakers 95 away
orlandomagic 100 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
chicagobulls 96 washingtonwizards 78 away
charlottehornets 96 clevelandcavaliers 94 away
detroitpistons 115 bostonceltics 111 home
brooklynnets 105 philadelphiaSSers 101 away
torontoraptors 102 milwaukeebucks 98 away
miamiheat 102 newyorkknicks 91 home
losangelesclippers 120 losangeleslakers 97 home
dallasmavericks 93 sacramentokings 91 away
atlantahawks 107 indianapacers 88 away
houstonrockets 130 denvernuggets 125 home
sanantoniospurs 112 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
goldenstatewarriors 130 utahjazz 102 home
phoenixsuns 122 oklahomacitythunder 115 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 neworleanspelicans 94 home
brooklynnets 88 miamiheat 87 away
dallasmavericks 95 utahjazz 83 away
oklahomacitythunder 107 sacramentokings 92 away
houstonrockets 145 losangeleslakers 130 away
detroitpistons 102 atlantahawks 95 away
minnesotatimberwolves 110 sanantoniospurs 91 home
clevelandcavaliers 122 detroitpistons 100 home
orlandomagic 115 brooklynnets 111 home
torontoraptors 125 philadelphiaSSers 114 home
charlottehornets 94 washingtonwizards 88 away
atlantahawks 105 bostonceltics 97 home
memphisgrizzlies 107 miamiheat 102 home
indianapacers 104 milwaukeebucks 102 away
chicagobulls 102 minnesotatimberwolves 87 away
phoenixsuns 94 neworleanspelicans 88 away
denvernuggets 123 houstonrockets 116 home
portlandtrailblazers 100 sacramentokings 99 home
oklahomacitythunder 107 losangelesclippers 101 away
sanantoniospurs 109 dallasmavericks 100 away
denvernuggets 100 goldenstatewarriors 99 away
washingtonwizards 96 orlandomagic 86 away
newyorkknicks 108 torontoraptors 100 away
bostonceltics 106 charlottehornets 103 home
atlantahawks 93 brooklynnets 88 away
miamiheat 98 indianapacers 86 home
chicagobulls 106 detroitpistons 98 home
memphisgrizzlies 117 philadelphiaSSers 95 home
minnesotatimberwolves 112 houstonrockets 110 home
oklahomacitythunder 116 neworleanspelicans 94 home
milwaukeebucks 119 clevelandcavaliers 116 home
sanantoniospurs 112 phoenixsuns 104 home
portlandtrailblazers 111 utahjazz 99 away
goldenstatewarriors 112 losangeleslakers 95 away
losangelesclippers 117 sacramentokings 101 home
charlottehornets 111 philadelphiaSSers 105 home
washingtonwizards 104 milwaukeebucks 91 home
atlantahawks 98 miamiheat 85 home
bostonceltics 111 clevelandcavaliers 99 away
houstonrockets 111 neworleanspelicans 104 home
dallasmavericks 101 phoenixsuns 98 home
denvernuggets 101 utahjazz 94 home
newyorkknicks 100 chicagobulls 89 home
torontoraptors 116 detroitpistons 107 away
brooklynnets 97 orlandomagic 88 home
indianapacers 102 oklahomacitythunder 97 home
portlandtrailblazers 119 goldenstatewarriors 117 home
sacramentokings 106 minnesotatimberwolves 103 home
memphisgrizzlies 102 losangeleslakers 90 away
philadelphiaSSers 113 bostonceltics 108 home
torontoraptors 110 milwaukeebucks 100 home
washingtonwizards 114 miamiheat 93 home
charlottehornets 95 atlantahawks 93 away
chicagobulls 108 orlandomagic 95 home
houstonrockets 104 sanantoniospurs 98 home
neworleanspelicans 101 oklahomacitythunder 89 home
losangeleslakers 119 utahjazz 104 away
memphisgrizzlies 97 phoenixsuns 91 away
goldenstatewarriors 130 minnesotatimberwolves 120 home
newyorkknicks 109 brooklynnets 98 away
losangelesclippers 117 denvernuggets 105 home
memphisgrizzlies 106 dallasmavericks 105 home
atlantahawks 111 milwaukeebucks 103 away
utahjazz 136 minnesotatimberwolves 130 away
neworleanspelicans 105 houstonrockets 100 home
oklahomacitythunder 112 detroitpistons 111 home
losangeleslakers 113 sanantoniospurs 100 away
washingtonwizards 118 bostonceltics 102 away
charlottehornets 91 chicagobulls 86 home
clevelandcavaliers 114 brooklynnets 85 home
philadelphiaSSers 100 miamiheat 87 away
newyorkknicks 95 torontoraptors 92 home
indianapacers 101 orlandomagic 86 away
portlandtrailblazers 110 losangelesclippers 104 home
phoenixsuns 104 sacramentokings 99 away
goldenstatewarriors 116 denvernuggets 112 away
playoffs
goldenstatewarriors 109 losangelesclippers 105 away
oklahomacitythunder 100 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
atlantahawks 101 indianapacers 93 away
brooklynnets 94 torontoraptors 87 away
sanantoniospurs 90 dallasmavericks 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 122 houstonrockets 120 away
washingtonwizards 102 chicagobulls 93 away
miamiheat 99 charlottehornets 88 home
losangelesclippers 138 goldenstatewarriors 98 home
memphisgrizzlies 111 oklahomacitythunder 105 away
indianapacers 101 atlantahawks 85 home
washingtonwizards 101 chicagobulls 99 away
torontoraptors 100 brooklynnets 95 home
dallasmavericks 113 sanantoniospurs 92 away
portlandtrailblazers 112 houstonrockets 105 away
miamiheat 101 charlottehornets 97 home
losangelesclippers 98 goldenstatewarriors 96 away
memphisgrizzlies 98 oklahomacitythunder 95 home
atlantahawks 98 indianapacers 85 home
houstonrockets 121 portlandtrailblazers 116 away
chicagobulls 100 washingtonwizards 97 away
brooklynnets 102 torontoraptors 98 home
dallasmavericks 109 sanantoniospurs 108 home
oklahomacitythunder 92 memphisgrizzlies 89 away
indianapacers 91 atlantahawks 88 away
miamiheat 98 charlottehornets 85 away
portlandtrailblazers 123 houstonrockets 120 home
goldenstatewarriors 118 losangelesclippers 97 home
washingtonwizards 98 chicagobulls 89 home
torontoraptors 87 brooklynnets 79 away
sanantoniospurs 93 dallasmavericks 89 away
atlantahawks 107 indianapacers 97 away
miamiheat 109 charlottehornets 98 away
losangelesclippers 113 goldenstatewarriors 103 home
memphisgrizzlies 100 oklahomacitythunder 99 away
washingtonwizards 75 chicagobulls 69 away
sanantoniospurs 109 dallasmavericks 103 home
houstonrockets 108 portlandtrailblazers 98 home
torontoraptors 115 brooklynnets 113 home
goldenstatewarriors 100 losangelesclippers 99 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 memphisgrizzlies 84 away
indianapacers 95 atlantahawks 88 away
dallasmavericks 113 sanantoniospurs 111 home
portlandtrailblazers 99 houstonrockets 98 home
brooklynnets 97 torontoraptors 83 home
losangelesclippers 126 goldenstatewarriors 121 home
oklahomacitythunder 120 memphisgrizzlies 109 home
indianapacers 92 atlantahawks 80 home
sanantoniospurs 119 dallasmavericks 96 home
brooklynnets 104 torontoraptors 103 away
losangelesclippers 122 oklahomacitythunder 105 away
washingtonwizards 102 indianapacers 96 away
sanantoniospurs 116 portlandtrailblazers 92 home
miamiheat 107 brooklynnets 86 home
oklahomacitythunder 112 losangelesclippers 101 home
indianapacers 86 washingtonwizards 82 home
sanantoniospurs 114 portlandtrailblazers 97 home
miamiheat 94 brooklynnets 82 home
oklahomacitythunder 118 losangelesclippers 112 away
indianapacers 85 washingtonwizards 63 away
sanantoniospurs 118 portlandtrailblazers 103 away
brooklynnets 104 miamiheat 90 home
losangelesclippers 101 oklahomacitythunder 99 home
indianapacers 95 washingtonwizards 92 away
portlandtrailblazers 103 sanantoniospurs 92 home
miamiheat 102 brooklynnets 96 away
oklahomacitythunder 105 losangelesclippers 104 home
washingtonwizards 102 indianapacers 79 away
sanantoniospurs 104 portlandtrailblazers 82 home
miamiheat 96 brooklynnets 94 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 losangelesclippers 98 away
indianapacers 93 washingtonwizards 80 away
indianapacers 107 miamiheat 96 home
sanantoniospurs 122 oklahomacitythunder 105 home
miamiheat 87 indianapacers 83 away
sanantoniospurs 112 oklahomacitythunder 77 home
miamiheat 99 indianapacers 87 home
oklahomacitythunder 106 sanantoniospurs 97 home
miamiheat 102 indianapacers 90 home
oklahomacitythunder 105 sanantoniospurs 92 home
indianapacers 93 miamiheat 90 home
sanantoniospurs 117 oklahomacitythunder 89 home
miamiheat 117 indianapacers 92 home
sanantoniospurs 112 oklahomacitythunder 107 away
sanantoniospurs 110 miamiheat 95 home
miamiheat 98 sanantoniospurs 96 away
sanantoniospurs 111 miamiheat 92 away
sanantoniospurs 107 miamiheat 86 away
sanantoniospurs 104 miamiheat 87 home
