neworleanspelicans 101 orlandomagic 84 home
sanantoniospurs 101 dallasmavericks 100 home
houstonrockets 108 losangeleslakers 90 away
charlottehornets 108 milwaukeebucks 106 home
indianapacers 103 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
bostonceltics 121 brooklynnets 105 home
miamiheat 107 washingtonwizards 95 home
torontoraptors 109 atlantahawks 102 home
memphisgrizzlies 105 minnesotatimberwolves 101 home
chicagobulls 104 newyorkknicks 80 away
denvernuggets 89 detroitpistons 79 home
houstonrockets 104 utahjazz 93 away
phoenixsuns 119 losangeleslakers 99 home
goldenstatewarriors 95 sacramentokings 77 away
portlandtrailblazers 106 oklahomacitythunder 89 home
washingtonwizards 105 orlandomagic 98 away
minnesotatimberwolves 97 detroitpistons 91 home
newyorkknicks 95 clevelandcavaliers 90 away
dallasmavericks 120 utahjazz 102 home
losangelesclippers 93 oklahomacitythunder 90 home
memphisgrizzlies 97 indianapacers 89 away
clevelandcavaliers 114 chicagobulls 108 away
milwaukeebucks 93 philadelphiaSSers 81 home
phoenixsuns 94 sanantoniospurs 89 home
sacramentokings 103 portlandtrailblazers 94 home
losangelesclippers 118 losangeleslakers 111 home
dallasmavericks 109 neworleanspelicans 104 away
memphisgrizzlies 71 charlottehornets 69 away
torontoraptors 108 orlandomagic 95 away
miamiheat 114 philadelphiaSSers 96 away
washingtonwizards 108 milwaukeebucks 97 home
atlantahawks 102 indianapacers 92 home
brooklynnets 102 detroitpistons 90 away
houstonrockets 104 bostonceltics 90 home
chicagobulls 106 minnesotatimberwolves 105 away
oklahomacitythunder 102 denvernuggets 91 home
utahjazz 118 phoenixsuns 91 home
goldenstatewarriors 127 losangeleslakers 104 home
sacramentokings 98 losangelesclippers 92 away
miamiheat 107 torontoraptors 102 home
newyorkknicks 96 charlottehornets 93 home
goldenstatewarriors 95 portlandtrailblazers 90 away
houstonrockets 104 philadelphiaSSers 93 away
brooklynnets 116 oklahomacitythunder 85 home
memphisgrizzlies 93 neworleanspelicans 81 home
dallasmavericks 118 bostonceltics 113 home
sacramentokings 110 denvernuggets 105 away
losangelesclippers 107 utahjazz 101 home
milwaukeebucks 87 indianapacers 81 away
houstonrockets 108 miamiheat 91 away
washingtonwizards 98 newyorkknicks 83 away
torontoraptors 100 oklahomacitythunder 88 home
chicagobulls 98 orlandomagic 90 home
neworleanspelicans 100 charlottehornets 91 home
portlandtrailblazers 101 clevelandcavaliers 82 home
phoenixsuns 112 losangeleslakers 106 away
charlottehornets 96 miamiheat 89 home
orlandomagic 91 philadelphiaSSers 89 away
torontoraptors 110 bostonceltics 107 away
minnesotatimberwolves 98 brooklynnets 91 away
detroitpistons 98 newyorkknicks 95 home
chicagobulls 95 milwaukeebucks 86 away
washingtonwizards 96 indianapacers 94 home
sanantoniospurs 94 atlantahawks 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 102 phoenixsuns 91 away
utahjazz 102 clevelandcavaliers 100 home
sacramentokings 131 denvernuggets 109 home
goldenstatewarriors 121 losangelesclippers 104 home
houstonrockets 98 sanantoniospurs 81 home
portlandtrailblazers 108 dallasmavericks 87 home
memphisgrizzlies 91 oklahomacitythunder 89 away
sacramentokings 114 phoenixsuns 112 away
dallasmavericks 105 utahjazz 82 away
clevelandcavaliers 110 denvernuggets 101 away
charlottehornets 122 atlantahawks 119 home
orlandomagic 112 minnesotatimberwolves 103 home
chicagobulls 118 philadelphiaSSers 115 away
bostonceltics 101 indianapacers 98 home
brooklynnets 110 newyorkknicks 99 home
detroitpistons 98 milwaukeebucks 95 home
torontoraptors 103 washingtonwizards 84 home
losangelesclippers 106 portlandtrailblazers 102 home
washingtonwizards 97 indianapacers 90 away
atlantahawks 103 newyorkknicks 96 home
miamiheat 102 minnesotatimberwolves 92 home
bostonceltics 106 chicagobulls 101 away
goldenstatewarriors 98 houstonrockets 87 away
milwaukeebucks 93 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
neworleanspelicans 100 sanantoniospurs 99 away
brooklynnets 104 orlandomagic 96 home
utahjazz 97 detroitpistons 96 away
oklahomacitythunder 101 sacramentokings 93 home
torontoraptors 120 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
miamiheat 105 dallasmavericks 96 away
phoenixsuns 107 goldenstatewarriors 95 home
portlandtrailblazers 116 denvernuggets 100 home
losangeleslakers 107 charlottehornets 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 118 neworleanspelicans 111 home
indianapacers 97 utahjazz 86 home
atlantahawks 91 newyorkknicks 85 away
chicagobulls 102 detroitpistons 91 home
sanantoniospurs 89 losangelesclippers 85 away
torontoraptors 104 orlandomagic 100 home
memphisgrizzlies 107 losangeleslakers 102 home
milwaukeebucks 85 oklahomacitythunder 78 home
dallasmavericks 106 sacramentokings 98 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 charlottehornets 100 home
sanantoniospurs 113 goldenstatewarriors 100 away
washingtonwizards 107 detroitpistons 103 home
atlantahawks 100 utahjazz 97 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 bostonceltics 94 away
indianapacers 81 miamiheat 75 away
orlandomagic 97 newyorkknicks 95 away
neworleanspelicans 109 losangeleslakers 102 home
portlandtrailblazers 130 denvernuggets 113 away
phoenixsuns 112 brooklynnets 104 home
houstonrockets 113 minnesotatimberwolves 101 away
memphisgrizzlies 111 sacramentokings 110 home
chicagobulls 100 torontoraptors 93 away
dallasmavericks 123 philadelphiaSSers 70 home
goldenstatewarriors 107 brooklynnets 99 home
denvernuggets 108 indianapacers 87 away
orlandomagic 101 milwaukeebucks 85 home
atlantahawks 114 miamiheat 103 home
clevelandcavaliers 122 bostonceltics 121 away
utahjazz 102 newyorkknicks 100 away
houstonrockets 88 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
neworleanspelicans 139 minnesotatimberwolves 91 home
detroitpistons 96 oklahomacitythunder 89 away
charlottehornets 103 phoenixsuns 95 away
sanantoniospurs 93 losangeleslakers 80 away
washingtonwizards 98 orlandomagic 93 home
clevelandcavaliers 127 atlantahawks 94 home
torontoraptors 111 utahjazz 93 home
indianapacers 99 chicagobulls 90 away
memphisgrizzlies 95 detroitpistons 88 home
dallasmavericks 131 minnesotatimberwolves 117 home
portlandtrailblazers 97 brooklynnets 87 home
sacramentokings 94 sanantoniospurs 91 home
goldenstatewarriors 112 charlottehornets 87 home
losangelesclippers 120 phoenixsuns 107 home
newyorkknicks 109 denvernuggets 93 home
milwaukeebucks 91 miamiheat 84 away
houstonrockets 69 oklahomacitythunder 65 away
goldenstatewarriors 136 losangeleslakers 115 away
dallasmavericks 107 charlottehornets 80 away
denvernuggets 106 clevelandcavaliers 97 away
phoenixsuns 118 bostonceltics 114 away
miamiheat 95 brooklynnets 83 away
orlandomagic 107 detroitpistons 93 away
memphisgrizzlies 119 houstonrockets 93 home
sanantoniospurs 100 philadelphiaSSers 75 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 neworleanspelicans 93 home
chicagobulls 105 losangelesclippers 89 away
losangeleslakers 114 atlantahawks 109 away
milwaukeebucks 117 newyorkknicks 113 home
utahjazz 98 oklahomacitythunder 81 home
neworleanspelicans 106 sacramentokings 100 away
sanantoniospurs 92 clevelandcavaliers 90 away
indianapacers 88 charlottehornets 86 home
losangelesclippers 114 orlandomagic 90 away
bostonceltics 101 philadelphiaSSers 90 away
dallasmavericks 105 washingtonwizards 102 away
milwaukeebucks 122 brooklynnets 118 away
phoenixsuns 88 detroitpistons 86 away
torontoraptors 96 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
minnesotatimberwolves 115 newyorkknicks 99 home
denvernuggets 107 oklahomacitythunder 100 home
losangeleslakers 98 houstonrockets 92 away
losangelesclippers 110 miamiheat 93 away
sacramentokings 103 chicagobulls 88 home
orlandomagic 105 charlottehornets 100 away
phoenixsuns 122 philadelphiaSSers 96 away
atlantahawks 99 detroitpistons 89 home
torontoraptors 124 milwaukeebucks 82 home
memphisgrizzlies 117 bostonceltics 100 home
sanantoniospurs 121 minnesotatimberwolves 92 away
brooklynnets 94 oklahomacitythunder 92 away
washingtonwizards 91 clevelandcavaliers 78 home
dallasmavericks 140 losangeleslakers 106 home
denvernuggets 117 neworleanspelicans 97 home
goldenstatewarriors 101 utahjazz 88 home
portlandtrailblazers 105 chicagobulls 87 home
phoenixsuns 106 indianapacers 83 away
miamiheat 99 orlandomagic 92 away
torontoraptors 110 clevelandcavaliers 93 away
newyorkknicks 91 philadelphiaSSers 83 home
houstonrockets 95 dallasmavericks 92 home
sacramentokings 113 minnesotatimberwolves 101 away
washingtonwizards 111 milwaukeebucks 100 away
sanantoniospurs 99 brooklynnets 87 home
neworleanspelicans 106 utahjazz 94 away
memphisgrizzlies 107 losangelesclippers 91 home
portlandtrailblazers 94 bostonceltics 88 away
miamiheat 94 charlottehornets 93 home
goldenstatewarriors 91 oklahomacitythunder 86 away
denvernuggets 101 losangeleslakers 94 away
losangelesclippers 113 charlottehornets 92 away
clevelandcavaliers 106 orlandomagic 74 home
portlandtrailblazers 114 philadelphiaSSers 104 away
torontoraptors 104 phoenixsuns 100 home
houstonrockets 91 newyorkknicks 86 home
indianapacers 111 dallasmavericks 100 away
chicagobulls 97 utahjazz 95 away
atlantahawks 106 washingtonwizards 102 away
goldenstatewarriors 114 miamiheat 97 away
milwaukeebucks 98 detroitpistons 86 home
sacramentokings 99 neworleanspelicans 89 away
denvernuggets 114 chicagobulls 109 home
portlandtrailblazers 105 charlottehornets 97 away
clevelandcavaliers 113 washingtonwizards 87 home
goldenstatewarriors 111 orlandomagic 96 away
brooklynnets 99 philadelphiaSSers 91 away
dallasmavericks 109 newyorkknicks 102 home
torontoraptors 126 atlantahawks 115 away
losangelesclippers 104 detroitpistons 98 away
houstonrockets 102 sacramentokings 89 home
milwaukeebucks 103 minnesotatimberwolves 86 away
oklahomacitythunder 97 utahjazz 82 home
sanantoniospurs 106 indianapacers 100 home
phoenixsuns 120 denvernuggets 112 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 losangeleslakers 93 away
chicagobulls 109 bostonceltics 102 away
goldenstatewarriors 106 charlottehornets 101 away
atlantahawks 100 neworleanspelicans 91 home
milwaukeebucks 104 detroitpistons 88 away
dallasmavericks 106 torontoraptors 102 away
losangelesclippers 102 houstonrockets 85 away
oklahomacitythunder 105 newyorkknicks 78 home
indianapacers 98 orlandomagic 83 home
sanantoniospurs 112 sacramentokings 104 home
denvernuggets 122 phoenixsuns 97 home
memphisgrizzlies 112 portlandtrailblazers 99 away
minnesotatimberwolves 120 losangeleslakers 119 away
dallasmavericks 110 philadelphiaSSers 103 away
washingtonwizards 83 neworleanspelicans 80 home
atlantahawks 105 charlottehornets 75 home
clevelandcavaliers 109 indianapacers 97 home
losangelesclippers 112 utahjazz 96 away
houstonrockets 117 milwaukeebucks 103 away
sanantoniospurs 111 bostonceltics 89 away
chicagobulls 102 brooklynnets 84 away
goldenstatewarriors 104 detroitpistons 93 away
memphisgrizzlies 97 sacramentokings 85 away
miamiheat 86 newyorkknicks 79 away
orlandomagic 93 phoenixsuns 90 away
portlandtrailblazers 107 minnesotatimberwolves 93 home
losangeleslakers 129 torontoraptors 122 home
sanantoniospurs 109 philadelphiaSSers 103 away
washingtonwizards 107 miamiheat 86 home
denvernuggets 103 utahjazz 101 away
losangelesclippers 127 minnesotatimberwolves 101 home
clevelandcavaliers 111 milwaukeebucks 108 home
atlantahawks 109 bostonceltics 105 home
losangeleslakers 106 detroitpistons 96 away
brooklynnets 98 newyorkknicks 93 away
dallasmavericks 132 chicagobulls 129 away
neworleanspelicans 112 oklahomacitythunder 104 home
portlandtrailblazers 105 denvernuggets 103 away
phoenixsuns 116 indianapacers 99 home
torontoraptors 117 sacramentokings 109 away
goldenstatewarriors 98 orlandomagic 97 home
chicagobulls 102 charlottehornets 95 away
washingtonwizards 111 losangeleslakers 95 home
bostonceltics 109 detroitpistons 102 home
brooklynnets 95 sanantoniospurs 93 home
atlantahawks 112 miamiheat 102 away
houstonrockets 105 memphisgrizzlies 96 home
dallasmavericks 107 milwaukeebucks 105 away
philadelphiaSSers 85 minnesotatimberwolves 77 away
torontoraptors 123 utahjazz 104 away
losangelesclippers 114 orlandomagic 86 home
clevelandcavaliers 90 newyorkknicks 87 away
portlandtrailblazers 88 indianapacers 82 home
goldenstatewarriors 112 neworleanspelicans 85 home
charlottehornets 103 newyorkknicks 102 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 philadelphiaSSers 91 away
washingtonwizards 119 denvernuggets 89 home
bostonceltics 113 losangeleslakers 96 home
atlantahawks 98 brooklynnets 75 away
clevelandcavaliers 105 torontoraptors 91 away
sanantoniospurs 107 memphisgrizzlies 101 away
houstonrockets 114 minnesotatimberwolves 112 away
phoenixsuns 118 dallasmavericks 106 away
milwaukeebucks 109 miamiheat 85 home
orlandomagic 98 utahjazz 93 away
sacramentokings 102 indianapacers 101 home
philadelphiaSSers 108 detroitpistons 101 away
goldenstatewarriors 112 chicagobulls 102 away
houstonrockets 100 phoenixsuns 95 home
sanantoniospurs 123 minnesotatimberwolves 101 home
orlandomagic 105 sacramentokings 96 away
losangelesclippers 120 neworleanspelicans 100 home
bostonceltics 101 washingtonwizards 93 home
atlantahawks 96 denvernuggets 84 home
memphisgrizzlies 103 miamiheat 87 home
oklahomacitythunder 96 detroitpistons 94 away
dallasmavericks 125 milwaukeebucks 102 home
portlandtrailblazers 103 newyorkknicks 99 away
neworleanspelicans 104 losangeleslakers 87 away
atlantahawks 108 indianapacers 92 away
washingtonwizards 133 bostonceltics 132 home
clevelandcavaliers 110 brooklynnets 88 away
torontoraptors 112 denvernuggets 107 home
goldenstatewarriors 102 minnesotatimberwolves 86 away
sacramentokings 101 utahjazz 92 home
losangelesclippers 121 phoenixsuns 120 home
clevelandcavaliers 105 torontoraptors 101 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 detroitpistons 86 away
memphisgrizzlies 114 dallasmavericks 105 home
neworleanspelicans 104 newyorkknicks 93 home
oklahomacitythunder 114 milwaukeebucks 101 home
miamiheat 103 phoenixsuns 97 away
utahjazz 100 sanantoniospurs 96 home
losangeleslakers 98 sacramentokings 95 home
charlottehornets 96 bostonceltics 87 home
losangelesclippers 103 indianapacers 96 away
washingtonwizards 91 orlandomagic 89 away
atlantahawks 95 philadelphiaSSers 79 home
chicagobulls 105 brooklynnets 80 home
minnesotatimberwolves 90 portlandtrailblazers 82 home
sanantoniospurs 109 newyorkknicks 95 home
dallasmavericks 112 neworleanspelicans 107 home
goldenstatewarriors 105 houstonrockets 93 home
denvernuggets 102 miamiheat 82 home
oklahomacitythunder 103 clevelandcavaliers 94 home
houstonrockets 113 sacramentokings 109 away
memphisgrizzlies 113 charlottehornets 107 home
oklahomacitythunder 111 minnesotatimberwolves 92 away
neworleanspelicans 119 clevelandcavaliers 114 home
detroitpistons 105 phoenixsuns 103 away
miamiheat 100 utahjazz 95 away
losangeleslakers 112 sanantoniospurs 110 away
chicagobulls 115 portlandtrailblazers 106 home
washingtonwizards 104 losangelesclippers 96 home
atlantahawks 87 orlandomagic 81 home
newyorkknicks 101 bostonceltics 95 away
brooklynnets 88 philadelphiaSSers 70 home
torontoraptors 106 indianapacers 94 home
goldenstatewarriors 105 dallasmavericks 98 away
brooklynnets 114 charlottehornets 87 away
portlandtrailblazers 95 indianapacers 85 away
orlandomagic 100 atlantahawks 99 home
milwaukeebucks 111 losangelesclippers 106 home
memphisgrizzlies 120 philadelphiaSSers 115 away
houstonrockets 108 denvernuggets 96 home
detroitpistons 95 sacramentokings 90 away
goldenstatewarriors 128 neworleanspelicans 122 away
chicagobulls 93 miamiheat 75 away
washingtonwizards 93 utahjazz 84 home
losangeleslakers 100 minnesotatimberwolves 94 away
oklahomacitythunder 112 phoenixsuns 88 home
torontoraptors 95 newyorkknicks 90 away
sanantoniospurs 99 denvernuggets 91 away
clevelandcavaliers 97 charlottehornets 88 home
indianapacers 110 losangeleslakers 91 home
bostonceltics 105 philadelphiaSSers 87 away
atlantahawks 93 chicagobulls 86 home
torontoraptors 95 orlandomagic 82 home
milwaukeebucks 96 phoenixsuns 94 away
portlandtrailblazers 108 sanantoniospurs 95 home
losangelesclippers 113 detroitpistons 91 home
washingtonwizards 109 minnesotatimberwolves 95 home
miamiheat 95 brooklynnets 91 away
memphisgrizzlies 105 goldenstatewarriors 98 home
neworleanspelicans 119 utahjazz 111 home
dallasmavericks 107 newyorkknicks 87 away
oklahomacitythunder 104 sacramentokings 92 away
phoenixsuns 111 charlottehornets 106 away
atlantahawks 127 clevelandcavaliers 98 away
bostonceltics 109 orlandomagic 92 home
dallasmavericks 117 detroitpistons 106 away
utahjazz 105 miamiheat 87 away
torontoraptors 105 brooklynnets 89 home
memphisgrizzlies 117 sanantoniospurs 116 away
portlandtrailblazers 104 milwaukeebucks 97 home
losangelesclippers 102 indianapacers 100 home
houstonrockets 115 denvernuggets 111 away
chicagobulls 103 newyorkknicks 97 home
neworleanspelicans 99 houstonrockets 90 away
milwaukeebucks 108 sacramentokings 107 away
goldenstatewarriors 114 oklahomacitythunder 109 home
utahjazz 101 orlandomagic 94 away
charlottehornets 109 philadelphiaSSers 91 away
bostonceltics 114 minnesotatimberwolves 98 home
clevelandcavaliers 95 brooklynnets 91 home
torontoraptors 110 detroitpistons 100 away
washingtonwizards 105 miamiheat 103 away
chicagobulls 103 memphisgrizzlies 97 away
portlandtrailblazers 129 sanantoniospurs 119 away
denvernuggets 109 losangelesclippers 106 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 losangeleslakers 103 away
phoenixsuns 99 newyorkknicks 90 away
portlandtrailblazers 114 neworleanspelicans 88 away
charlottehornets 104 utahjazz 86 home
atlantahawks 104 houstonrockets 97 away
dallasmavericks 99 sanantoniospurs 93 home
denvernuggets 76 indianapacers 73 home
losangelesclippers 106 milwaukeebucks 102 home
torontoraptors 118 newyorkknicks 108 home
clevelandcavaliers 105 memphisgrizzlies 91 home
sacramentokings 108 losangeleslakers 101 home
brooklynnets 110 detroitpistons 105 home
miamiheat 100 bostonceltics 84 home
philadelphiaSSers 96 orlandomagic 88 away
phoenixsuns 104 washingtonwizards 92 away
indianapacers 100 minnesotatimberwolves 96 away
neworleanspelicans 101 oklahomacitythunder 99 away
charlottehornets 110 denvernuggets 82 home
chicagobulls 129 torontoraptors 120 home
houstonrockets 110 portlandtrailblazers 95 home
utahjazz 97 memphisgrizzlies 91 away
atlantahawks 105 dallasmavericks 102 away
sanantoniospurs 125 losangelesclippers 118 home
goldenstatewarriors 128 sacramentokings 108 home
clevelandcavaliers 125 minnesotatimberwolves 104 home
indianapacers 96 neworleanspelicans 84 home
orlandomagic 100 bostonceltics 95 home
chicagobulls 99 washingtonwizards 91 away
atlantahawks 107 losangelesclippers 104 home
brooklynnets 102 denvernuggets 96 home
philadelphiaSSers 91 miamiheat 87 away
charlottehornets 108 milwaukeebucks 101 away
portlandtrailblazers 115 oklahomacitythunder 111 away
phoenixsuns 124 dallasmavericks 115 home
losangeleslakers 115 goldenstatewarriors 105 home
washingtonwizards 102 newyorkknicks 91 away
oklahomacitythunder 114 sanantoniospurs 106 away
miamiheat 101 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
chicagobulls 113 losangeleslakers 93 home
losangelesclippers 100 goldenstatewarriors 86 home
brooklynnets 109 bostonceltics 107 away
clevelandcavaliers 98 orlandomagic 89 away
milwaukeebucks 107 atlantahawks 77 away
detroitpistons 119 indianapacers 109 home
houstonrockets 117 memphisgrizzlies 111 away
neworleanspelicans 97 sanantoniospurs 90 home
oklahomacitythunder 98 charlottehornets 75 home
dallasmavericks 102 losangeleslakers 98 home
denvernuggets 106 minnesotatimberwolves 102 home
portlandtrailblazers 114 philadelphiaSSers 93 home
phoenixsuns 115 sacramentokings 106 away
torontoraptors 110 losangelesclippers 98 away
orlandomagic 102 charlottehornets 94 away
washingtonwizards 101 bostonceltics 88 home
memphisgrizzlies 103 miamiheat 95 away
chicagobulls 107 neworleanspelicans 100 home
indianapacers 110 brooklynnets 85 away
atlantahawks 90 milwaukeebucks 85 away
utahjazz 88 philadelphiaSSers 71 home
sacramentokings 135 newyorkknicks 129 home
goldenstatewarriors 110 minnesotatimberwolves 97 home
detroitpistons 103 clevelandcavaliers 80 away
sanantoniospurs 110 houstonrockets 106 home
dallasmavericks 112 oklahomacitythunder 107 home
portlandtrailblazers 101 newyorkknicks 79 home
torontoraptors 116 denvernuggets 102 away
phoenixsuns 116 losangeleslakers 107 away
milwaukeebucks 104 charlottehornets 94 away
chicagobulls 92 indianapacers 90 away
brooklynnets 107 sacramentokings 99 home
orlandomagic 102 miamiheat 101 away
washingtonwizards 104 houstonrockets 103 away
losangelesclippers 101 utahjazz 97 home
detroitpistons 109 orlandomagic 86 away
atlantahawks 109 clevelandcavaliers 101 home
brooklynnets 96 chicagobulls 82 away
memphisgrizzlies 95 sanantoniospurs 87 home
neworleanspelicans 110 phoenixsuns 106 home
dallasmavericks 114 washingtonwizards 87 home
losangeleslakers 111 denvernuggets 103 away
utahjazz 100 minnesotatimberwolves 94 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 torontoraptors 97 home
goldenstatewarriors 126 philadelphiaSSers 86 home
bostonceltics 106 sacramentokings 84 home
indianapacers 106 miamiheat 95 home
losangelesclippers 99 newyorkknicks 78 home
houstonrockets 102 charlottehornets 83 home
milwaukeebucks 96 clevelandcavaliers 80 away
oklahomacitythunder 137 phoenixsuns 134 home
sanantoniospurs 95 neworleanspelicans 93 home
chicagobulls 106 denvernuggets 101 home
sacramentokings 110 minnesotatimberwolves 107 away
clevelandcavaliers 91 charlottehornets 87 away
brooklynnets 100 orlandomagic 98 away
dallasmavericks 119 bostonceltics 101 away
detroitpistons 97 newyorkknicks 81 away
neworleanspelicans 111 houstonrockets 83 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 washingtonwizards 102 home
indianapacers 94 milwaukeebucks 91 away
phoenixsuns 112 philadelphiaSSers 96 home
atlantahawks 98 utahjazz 92 away
goldenstatewarriors 126 torontoraptors 105 home
memphisgrizzlies 109 losangeleslakers 106 away
charlottehornets 98 orlandomagic 90 away
chicagobulls 109 bostonceltics 104 home
houstonrockets 115 miamiheat 79 home
utahjazz 101 minnesotatimberwolves 89 away
sanantoniospurs 101 washingtonwizards 92 home
denvernuggets 114 memphisgrizzlies 85 home
atlantahawks 115 portlandtrailblazers 107 away
losangelesclippers 127 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
dallasmavericks 109 clevelandcavaliers 90 away
detroitpistons 114 sacramentokings 95 home
miamiheat 88 brooklynnets 84 home
milwaukeebucks 95 newyorkknicks 82 away
phoenixsuns 125 torontoraptors 109 home
losangeleslakers 88 indianapacers 87 home
philadelphiaSSers 95 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
charlottehornets 104 bostonceltics 95 away
dallasmavericks 96 brooklynnets 88 away
chicagobulls 114 houstonrockets 105 home
memphisgrizzlies 105 newyorkknicks 83 home
denvernuggets 110 minnesotatimberwolves 101 away
washingtonwizards 92 neworleanspelicans 85 away
indianapacers 105 utahjazz 101 away
portlandtrailblazers 98 losangeleslakers 94 home
goldenstatewarriors 117 oklahomacitythunder 91 home
atlantahawks 107 losangelesclippers 98 away
phoenixsuns 102 milwaukeebucks 96 away
detroitpistons 105 sanantoniospurs 104 away
charlottehornets 98 neworleanspelicans 94 home
houstonrockets 105 clevelandcavaliers 93 away
milwaukeebucks 97 philadelphiaSSers 77 away
washingtonwizards 101 newyorkknicks 91 home
atlantahawks 96 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
bostonceltics 89 brooklynnets 81 away
utahjazz 97 chicagobulls 77 away
detroitpistons 108 dallasmavericks 95 away
denvernuggets 93 orlandomagic 90 home
phoenixsuns 113 minnesotatimberwolves 111 away
sacramentokings 104 oklahomacitythunder 83 home
goldenstatewarriors 117 indianapacers 102 home
losangelesclippers 114 losangeleslakers 89 home
charlottehornets 103 torontoraptors 95 away
houstonrockets 120 newyorkknicks 96 away
portlandtrailblazers 99 miamiheat 83 home
indianapacers 107 bostonceltics 103 home
philadelphiaSSers 90 brooklynnets 88 away
atlantahawks 106 detroitpistons 103 away
neworleanspelicans 106 memphisgrizzlies 95 home
oklahomacitythunder 99 utahjazz 94 home
washingtonwizards 102 chicagobulls 86 home
milwaukeebucks 98 minnesotatimberwolves 84 home
sanantoniospurs 100 phoenixsuns 95 home
denvernuggets 118 sacramentokings 108 away
goldenstatewarriors 112 clevelandcavaliers 94 home
losangeleslakers 101 orlandomagic 84 home
charlottehornets 110 newyorkknicks 82 away
losangelesclippers 120 dallasmavericks 100 home
detroitpistons 98 brooklynnets 93 home
philadelphiaSSers 93 indianapacers 92 home
torontoraptors 109 bostonceltics 96 home
chicagobulls 95 milwaukeebucks 87 home
houstonrockets 97 utahjazz 82 home
sanantoniospurs 108 minnesotatimberwolves 93 away
portlandtrailblazers 103 orlandomagic 92 home
atlantahawks 120 washingtonwizards 89 home
miamiheat 104 losangelesclippers 90 away
memphisgrizzlies 122 phoenixsuns 110 home
sacramentokings 103 clevelandcavaliers 84 home
portlandtrailblazers 106 losangeleslakers 94 away
bostonceltics 108 neworleanspelicans 100 home
houstonrockets 113 brooklynnets 99 away
detroitpistons 114 torontoraptors 111 away
orlandomagic 121 chicagobulls 114 away
minnesotatimberwolves 110 indianapacers 101 away
atlantahawks 105 philadelphiaSSers 87 away
washingtonwizards 101 sanantoniospurs 93 home
phoenixsuns 107 clevelandcavaliers 100 home
goldenstatewarriors 116 utahjazz 105 away
dallasmavericks 108 sacramentokings 104 away
miamiheat 78 losangeleslakers 75 away
sanantoniospurs 98 charlottehornets 93 away
orlandomagic 120 houstonrockets 113 home
memphisgrizzlies 103 brooklynnets 92 away
neworleanspelicans 105 detroitpistons 94 away
torontoraptors 100 philadelphiaSSers 84 home
washingtonwizards 105 chicagobulls 99 away
atlantahawks 105 bostonceltics 91 away
denvernuggets 114 dallasmavericks 107 home
goldenstatewarriors 104 miamiheat 89 home
losangelesclippers 100 portlandtrailblazers 94 away
houstonrockets 112 oklahomacitythunder 101 home
milwaukeebucks 95 newyorkknicks 79 home
clevelandcavaliers 109 losangeleslakers 102 away
brooklynnets 102 washingtonwizards 80 away
chicagobulls 119 bostonceltics 103 away
atlantahawks 110 torontoraptors 89 away
oklahomacitythunder 127 goldenstatewarriors 115 home
dallasmavericks 97 denvernuggets 89 home
sanantoniospurs 110 portlandtrailblazers 96 home
phoenixsuns 110 minnesotatimberwolves 99 home
utahjazz 94 losangeleslakers 85 home
miamiheat 95 sacramentokings 83 away
clevelandcavaliers 126 losangelesclippers 121 away
detroitpistons 98 indianapacers 96 away
memphisgrizzlies 106 orlandomagic 96 away
philadelphiaSSers 96 neworleanspelicans 81 home
charlottehornets 80 indianapacers 71 home
detroitpistons 107 philadelphiaSSers 89 home
atlantahawks 107 chicagobulls 99 away
goldenstatewarriors 131 houstonrockets 106 away
memphisgrizzlies 102 portlandtrailblazers 98 home
washingtonwizards 99 brooklynnets 90 away
minnesotatimberwolves 113 denvernuggets 105 away
losangelesclippers 117 sacramentokings 108 away
neworleanspelicans 95 torontoraptors 93 away
oklahomacitythunder 127 orlandomagic 99 away
sanantoniospurs 89 utahjazz 69 home
charlottehornets 105 minnesotatimberwolves 80 home
washingtonwizards 111 philadelphiaSSers 76 home
atlantahawks 93 detroitpistons 82 home
losangelesclippers 102 bostonceltics 93 home
goldenstatewarriors 122 denvernuggets 79 home
dallasmavericks 103 memphisgrizzlies 95 away
houstonrockets 110 indianapacers 98 home
newyorkknicks 99 neworleanspelicans 92 home
torontoraptors 92 milwaukeebucks 89 away
clevelandcavaliers 108 chicagobulls 94 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 sacramentokings 94 home
phoenixsuns 115 losangeleslakers 100 home
oklahomacitythunder 94 miamiheat 86 away
sanantoniospurs 109 denvernuggets 99 away
charlottehornets 78 miamiheat 76 home
clevelandcavaliers 106 utahjazz 92 home
newyorkknicks 98 philadelphiaSSers 91 away
atlantahawks 110 indianapacers 91 home
detroitpistons 128 orlandomagic 118 home
memphisgrizzlies 92 torontoraptors 86 home
dallasmavericks 98 minnesotatimberwolves 75 away
neworleanspelicans 96 losangeleslakers 80 home
oklahomacitythunder 105 washingtonwizards 103 away
phoenixsuns 118 portlandtrailblazers 113 home
brooklynnets 103 sacramentokings 100 away
goldenstatewarriors 126 houstonrockets 113 home
chicagobulls 104 sanantoniospurs 81 home
utahjazz 101 milwaukeebucks 99 away
bostonceltics 90 portlandtrailblazers 89 away
losangelesclippers 123 brooklynnets 84 home
torontoraptors 91 philadelphiaSSers 86 away
atlantahawks 103 oklahomacitythunder 93 home
clevelandcavaliers 129 charlottehornets 90 home
miamiheat 89 indianapacers 87 home
newyorkknicks 113 orlandomagic 106 home
chicagobulls 102 dallasmavericks 98 away
neworleanspelicans 92 minnesotatimberwolves 84 away
sanantoniospurs 99 losangeleslakers 85 home
bostonceltics 100 denvernuggets 99 away
houstonrockets 113 phoenixsuns 111 away
goldenstatewarriors 126 sacramentokings 101 home
charlottehornets 76 newyorkknicks 71 home
milwaukeebucks 101 detroitpistons 86 home
memphisgrizzlies 101 philadelphiaSSers 83 home
utahjazz 108 brooklynnets 73 home
portlandtrailblazers 103 washingtonwizards 96 home
miamiheat 96 chicagobulls 84 away
clevelandcavaliers 108 oklahomacitythunder 98 home
losangelesclippers 120 phoenixsuns 100 away
neworleanspelicans 109 dallasmavericks 106 home
atlantahawks 112 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
indianapacers 106 orlandomagic 99 away
sanantoniospurs 101 milwaukeebucks 95 home
torontoraptors 114 detroitpistons 110 home
goldenstatewarriors 114 bostonceltics 111 home
washingtonwizards 117 denvernuggets 115 away
houstonrockets 99 losangeleslakers 87 away
memphisgrizzlies 103 orlandomagic 94 home
neworleanspelicans 99 philadelphiaSSers 74 home
oklahomacitythunder 92 minnesotatimberwolves 84 home
bostonceltics 99 utahjazz 90 away
losangelesclippers 102 denvernuggets 98 home
torontoraptors 104 indianapacers 91 away
clevelandcavaliers 103 detroitpistons 95 away
milwaukeebucks 109 miamiheat 102 away
memphisgrizzlies 109 dallasmavericks 90 away
chicagobulls 113 goldenstatewarriors 111 away
washingtonwizards 98 losangeleslakers 92 away
clevelandcavaliers 99 portlandtrailblazers 94 home
philadelphiaSSers 89 detroitpistons 69 home
atlantahawks 113 brooklynnets 102 home
torontoraptors 119 sacramentokings 102 home
houstonrockets 99 dallasmavericks 94 home
minnesotatimberwolves 110 bostonceltics 98 home
denvernuggets 93 neworleanspelicans 85 away
newyorkknicks 100 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
sanantoniospurs 95 charlottehornets 86 home
losangelesclippers 94 utahjazz 89 away
phoenixsuns 106 washingtonwizards 98 home
milwaukeebucks 115 orlandomagic 100 away
memphisgrizzlies 99 denvernuggets 69 home
indianapacers 103 newyorkknicks 82 home
losangeleslakers 123 chicagobulls 118 home
philadelphiaSSers 103 minnesotatimberwolves 94 home
atlantahawks 105 portlandtrailblazers 99 home
houstonrockets 93 bostonceltics 87 away
torontoraptors 127 brooklynnets 122 away
clevelandcavaliers 101 sacramentokings 90 home
neworleanspelicans 108 losangelesclippers 103 home
dallasmavericks 93 miamiheat 72 away
utahjazz 110 goldenstatewarriors 100 home
phoenixsuns 99 chicagobulls 93 home
sacramentokings 99 indianapacers 94 away
dallasmavericks 108 orlandomagic 93 away
torontoraptors 120 washingtonwizards 116 away
atlantahawks 91 philadelphiaSSers 85 home
detroitpistons 114 houstonrockets 101 home
memphisgrizzlies 85 oklahomacitythunder 74 home
clevelandcavaliers 106 minnesotatimberwolves 90 away
milwaukeebucks 95 portlandtrailblazers 88 home
charlottehornets 104 denvernuggets 86 away
losangelesclippers 105 sanantoniospurs 85 away
goldenstatewarriors 106 phoenixsuns 87 home
miamiheat 83 bostonceltics 75 away
newyorkknicks 92 losangeleslakers 80 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 philadelphiaSSers 84 home
charlottehornets 92 washingtonwizards 88 away
brooklynnets 102 losangelesclippers 100 home
milwaukeebucks 82 torontoraptors 75 away
neworleanspelicans 115 atlantahawks 100 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 orlandomagic 97 home
dallasmavericks 100 minnesotatimberwolves 94 home
memphisgrizzlies 102 phoenixsuns 101 away
philadelphiaSSers 105 denvernuggets 98 home
detroitpistons 108 miamiheat 91 home
bostonceltics 108 newyorkknicks 97 away
portlandtrailblazers 103 utahjazz 102 home
goldenstatewarriors 121 sacramentokings 96 away
indianapacers 114 detroitpistons 109 home
atlantahawks 105 washingtonwizards 96 home
bostonceltics 104 denvernuggets 100 home
brooklynnets 109 torontoraptors 93 away
houstonrockets 101 chicagobulls 90 home
milwaukeebucks 113 losangeleslakers 105 home
minnesotatimberwolves 102 miamiheat 101 home
oklahomacitythunder 102 neworleanspelicans 91 away
sanantoniospurs 110 orlandomagic 103 home
memphisgrizzlies 100 utahjazz 90 away
goldenstatewarriors 128 dallasmavericks 114 home
charlottehornets 94 washingtonwizards 87 home
clevelandcavaliers 105 losangelesclippers 94 home
dallasmavericks 101 sacramentokings 78 away
portlandtrailblazers 108 phoenixsuns 87 home
brooklynnets 92 newyorkknicks 88 home
indianapacers 103 clevelandcavaliers 99 home
orlandomagic 103 losangeleslakers 97 home
atlantahawks 124 goldenstatewarriors 116 home
bostonceltics 107 philadelphiaSSers 96 home
detroitpistons 98 denvernuggets 88 home
torontoraptors 123 losangelesclippers 107 home
houstonrockets 117 milwaukeebucks 111 home
minnesotatimberwolves 90 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
neworleanspelicans 116 oklahomacitythunder 113 away
phoenixsuns 100 utahjazz 93 home
sanantoniospurs 98 miamiheat 85 home
chicagobulls 107 neworleanspelicans 72 away
washingtonwizards 114 brooklynnets 77 home
goldenstatewarriors 106 newyorkknicks 92 away
philadelphiaSSers 89 charlottehornets 81 home
dallasmavericks 111 portlandtrailblazers 101 home
milwaukeebucks 96 bostonceltics 93 home
utahjazz 102 sacramentokings 90 home
oklahomacitythunder 131 losangelesclippers 108 home
clevelandcavaliers 120 losangeleslakers 105 home
memphisgrizzlies 94 atlantahawks 88 home
indianapacers 103 charlottehornets 102 away
minnesotatimberwolves 112 detroitpistons 101 away
chicagobulls 98 orlandomagic 97 away
portlandtrailblazers 109 houstonrockets 98 away
torontoraptors 87 sanantoniospurs 82 home
sacramentokings 85 phoenixsuns 83 home
sanantoniospurs 95 indianapacers 93 away
goldenstatewarriors 89 philadelphiaSSers 84 away
washingtonwizards 96 orlandomagic 80 home
miamiheat 109 newyorkknicks 95 home
milwaukeebucks 103 brooklynnets 97 home
atlantahawks 117 minnesotatimberwolves 105 away
utahjazz 100 neworleanspelicans 96 away
losangelesclippers 115 dallasmavericks 98 away
oklahomacitythunder 124 denvernuggets 114 away
detroitpistons 106 charlottehornets 78 away
houstonrockets 127 phoenixsuns 118 away
chicagobulls 104 sacramentokings 86 home
memphisgrizzlies 95 brooklynnets 86 home
denvernuggets 106 losangeleslakers 96 away
orlandomagic 89 newyorkknicks 83 home
bostonceltics 89 atlantahawks 88 home
sanantoniospurs 104 detroitpistons 87 away
torontoraptors 95 washingtonwizards 93 home
milwaukeebucks 111 sacramentokings 103 home
goldenstatewarriors 94 minnesotatimberwolves 91 away
indianapacers 106 neworleanspelicans 93 away
oklahomacitythunder 105 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
clevelandcavaliers 113 miamiheat 93 home
dallasmavericks 87 utahjazz 82 home
portlandtrailblazers 102 losangeleslakers 86 home
losangelesclippers 110 houstonrockets 95 home
chicagobulls 113 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 104 dallasmavericks 89 home
losangelesclippers 119 sanantoniospurs 115 home
orlandomagic 95 neworleanspelicans 84 home
indianapacers 106 philadelphiaSSers 95 away
torontoraptors 105 atlantahawks 80 away
detroitpistons 100 chicagobulls 91 home
miamiheat 111 newyorkknicks 87 away
minnesotatimberwolves 111 phoenixsuns 109 home
clevelandcavaliers 127 washingtonwizards 89 away
dallasmavericks 111 houstonrockets 100 home
milwaukeebucks 89 denvernuggets 81 home
utahjazz 92 portlandtrailblazers 76 home
sacramentokings 109 bostonceltics 101 home
goldenstatewarriors 110 sanantoniospurs 99 home
brooklynnets 114 losangeleslakers 105 away
oklahomacitythunder 110 charlottehornets 103 away
neworleanspelicans 105 miamiheat 91 away
chicagobulls 112 phoenixsuns 107 home
houstonrockets 98 torontoraptors 76 home
losangelesclippers 126 sacramentokings 99 home
clevelandcavaliers 101 newyorkknicks 83 away
atlantahawks 97 milwaukeebucks 86 away
detroitpistons 106 washingtonwizards 89 home
indianapacers 104 goldenstatewarriors 98 home
orlandomagic 103 philadelphiaSSers 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 119 denvernuggets 94 home
dallasmavericks 92 charlottehornets 81 home
memphisgrizzlies 98 portlandtrailblazers 92 away
losangeleslakers 118 bostonceltics 111 home
miamiheat 119 philadelphiaSSers 108 home
chicagobulls 87 milwaukeebucks 71 home
houstonrockets 113 minnesotatimberwolves 102 home
neworleanspelicans 100 torontoraptors 97 home
brooklynnets 110 denvernuggets 82 away
bostonceltics 115 phoenixsuns 110 away
utahjazz 90 sanantoniospurs 81 home
memphisgrizzlies 90 losangelesclippers 87 away
goldenstatewarriors 114 washingtonwizards 107 away
clevelandcavaliers 102 detroitpistons 93 away
oklahomacitythunder 105 indianapacers 92 home
dallasmavericks 99 torontoraptors 92 home
houstonrockets 110 losangelesclippers 105 home
milwaukeebucks 104 philadelphiaSSers 88 home
minnesotatimberwolves 97 washingtonwizards 77 home
neworleanspelicans 102 brooklynnets 96 home
phoenixsuns 110 denvernuggets 96 away
losangeleslakers 100 utahjazz 97 away
sacramentokings 102 memphisgrizzlies 90 home
portlandtrailblazers 111 sanantoniospurs 95 home
miamiheat 93 orlandomagic 90 away
atlantahawks 104 dallasmavericks 87 home
bostonceltics 115 newyorkknicks 94 home
charlottehornets 98 chicagobulls 86 away
clevelandcavaliers 110 goldenstatewarriors 99 home
phoenixsuns 117 oklahomacitythunder 113 home
indianapacers 93 clevelandcavaliers 86 home
philadelphiaSSers 89 washingtonwizards 81 home
atlantahawks 95 orlandomagic 88 home
bostonceltics 106 charlottehornets 98 home
newyorkknicks 121 detroitpistons 115 away
goldenstatewarriors 113 torontoraptors 89 away
chicagobulls 96 minnesotatimberwolves 89 home
houstonrockets 102 brooklynnets 98 home
losangelesclippers 97 memphisgrizzlies 79 away
neworleanspelicans 104 miamiheat 102 home
utahjazz 104 denvernuggets 82 away
sanantoniospurs 107 sacramentokings 96 away
losangeleslakers 101 milwaukeebucks 93 home
portlandtrailblazers 115 oklahomacitythunder 112 home
washingtonwizards 99 detroitpistons 95 home
atlantahawks 93 miamiheat 91 away
newyorkknicks 103 torontoraptors 98 home
memphisgrizzlies 101 minnesotatimberwolves 97 away
brooklynnets 104 dallasmavericks 94 away
sanantoniospurs 101 phoenixsuns 74 away
utahjazz 82 milwaukeebucks 75 home
losangelesclippers 96 chicagobulls 86 away
oklahomacitythunder 108 losangeleslakers 101 away
portlandtrailblazers 110 sacramentokings 99 away
goldenstatewarriors 106 bostonceltics 101 away
indianapacers 94 philadelphiaSSers 74 home
charlottehornets 98 orlandomagic 83 away
houstonrockets 105 clevelandcavaliers 103 home
neworleanspelicans 99 denvernuggets 92 away
torontoraptors 114 philadelphiaSSers 103 away
brooklynnets 110 goldenstatewarriors 108 home
miamiheat 115 phoenixsuns 98 home
losangelesclippers 110 minnesotatimberwolves 105 away
dallasmavericks 102 neworleanspelicans 93 home
charlottehornets 104 losangeleslakers 103 home
clevelandcavaliers 110 bostonceltics 79 home
atlantahawks 104 houstonrockets 96 home
chicagobulls 97 washingtonwizards 92 home
utahjazz 93 memphisgrizzlies 82 away
denvernuggets 106 milwaukeebucks 95 home
sacramentokings 124 newyorkknicks 86 away
indianapacers 105 newyorkknicks 82 home
phoenixsuns 105 orlandomagic 100 away
bostonceltics 85 utahjazz 84 home
charlottehornets 115 brooklynnets 91 away
clevelandcavaliers 120 torontoraptors 112 away
memphisgrizzlies 102 houstonrockets 100 away
denvernuggets 100 minnesotatimberwolves 85 away
neworleanspelicans 88 detroitpistons 85 home
oklahomacitythunder 123 philadelphiaSSers 118 home
miamiheat 100 losangeleslakers 94 home
sanantoniospurs 112 sacramentokings 85 home
goldenstatewarriors 102 milwaukeebucks 93 home
portlandtrailblazers 98 losangelesclippers 93 away
chicagobulls 108 oklahomacitythunder 105 home
portlandtrailblazers 94 dallasmavericks 75 home
charlottehornets 103 torontoraptors 94 home
indianapacers 98 chicagobulls 84 home
orlandomagic 119 sacramentokings 114 home
utahjazz 89 philadelphiaSSers 83 away
atlantahawks 106 clevelandcavaliers 97 home
phoenixsuns 108 brooklynnets 100 away
houstonrockets 103 detroitpistons 93 home
memphisgrizzlies 97 losangeleslakers 90 home
bostonceltics 104 neworleanspelicans 98 away
washingtonwizards 99 miamiheat 97 home
sanantoniospurs 120 denvernuggets 111 home
goldenstatewarriors 104 dallasmavericks 89 home
neworleanspelicans 95 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
clevelandcavaliers 89 phoenixsuns 79 home
miamiheat 114 sacramentokings 109 home
indianapacers 92 newyorkknicks 86 away
philadelphiaSSers 92 atlantahawks 84 home
minnesotatimberwolves 121 portlandtrailblazers 113 home
milwaukeebucks 91 washingtonwizards 85 home
houstonrockets 114 denvernuggets 100 away
sanantoniospurs 116 chicagobulls 105 home
goldenstatewarriors 106 losangelesclippers 98 home
utahjazz 95 brooklynnets 88 away
charlottehornets 108 detroitpistons 101 away
orlandomagic 103 bostonceltics 98 home
oklahomacitythunder 108 torontoraptors 104 home
dallasmavericks 100 losangeleslakers 93 away
washingtonwizards 95 charlottehornets 69 away
atlantahawks 130 sacramentokings 105 home
bostonceltics 100 miamiheat 90 away
memphisgrizzlies 101 chicagobulls 91 away
neworleanspelicans 114 milwaukeebucks 103 away
denvernuggets 106 newyorkknicks 78 home
goldenstatewarriors 98 phoenixsuns 80 away
losangelesclippers 89 minnesotatimberwolves 76 home
indianapacers 118 orlandomagic 86 home
neworleanspelicans 111 brooklynnets 91 away
clevelandcavaliers 127 dallasmavericks 94 away
sanantoniospurs 117 torontoraptors 107 home
utahjazz 87 newyorkknicks 82 home
losangeleslakers 93 detroitpistons 85 home
sacramentokings 113 charlottehornets 106 away
chicagobulls 104 philadelphiaSSers 95 away
bostonceltics 95 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
miamiheat 104 brooklynnets 98 home
milwaukeebucks 97 orlandomagic 91 home
losangelesclippers 120 oklahomacitythunder 108 away
denvernuggets 115 atlantahawks 102 home
phoenixsuns 106 minnesotatimberwolves 97 home
goldenstatewarriors 105 detroitpistons 98 home
portlandtrailblazers 105 houstonrockets 100 home
indianapacers 109 milwaukeebucks 103 home
washingtonwizards 107 memphisgrizzlies 87 home
clevelandcavaliers 128 sanantoniospurs 125 away
utahjazz 109 houstonrockets 91 home
newyorkknicks 101 losangeleslakers 94 away
charlottehornets 101 chicagobulls 91 home
philadelphiaSSers 114 sacramentokings 107 home
bostonceltics 95 orlandomagic 88 home
torontoraptors 102 miamiheat 92 home
oklahomacitythunder 113 minnesotatimberwolves 99 home
dallasmavericks 129 losangelesclippers 99 home
denvernuggets 114 goldenstatewarriors 103 home
atlantahawks 96 phoenixsuns 87 away
portlandtrailblazers 118 detroitpistons 99 home
bostonceltics 93 indianapacers 89 away
washingtonwizards 113 sacramentokings 97 home
brooklynnets 94 philadelphiaSSers 87 away
memphisgrizzlies 96 milwaukeebucks 83 home
utahjazz 88 detroitpistons 85 home
goldenstatewarriors 125 newyorkknicks 94 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 chicagobulls 100 home
houstonrockets 100 losangelesclippers 98 away
denvernuggets 118 neworleanspelicans 111 away
clevelandcavaliers 123 orlandomagic 108 away
sanantoniospurs 123 minnesotatimberwolves 97 home
portlandtrailblazers 113 torontoraptors 97 away
phoenixsuns 102 newyorkknicks 89 home
atlantahawks 91 losangeleslakers 86 away
torontoraptors 117 indianapacers 98 away
washingtonwizards 105 portlandtrailblazers 97 home
bostonceltics 108 philadelphiaSSers 89 home
memphisgrizzlies 92 denvernuggets 81 home
brooklynnets 122 minnesotatimberwolves 106 away
miamiheat 106 clevelandcavaliers 92 home
dallasmavericks 119 oklahomacitythunder 115 home
utahjazz 94 charlottehornets 66 home
atlantahawks 110 sacramentokings 103 away
goldenstatewarriors 108 losangeleslakers 105 home
detroitpistons 105 memphisgrizzlies 95 home
newyorkknicks 104 sanantoniospurs 100 home
houstonrockets 107 orlandomagic 94 home
neworleanspelicans 85 milwaukeebucks 84 home
losangelesclippers 99 charlottehornets 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 117 brooklynnets 92 home
philadelphiaSSers 94 detroitpistons 83 home
miamiheat 108 portlandtrailblazers 104 home
torontoraptors 105 minnesotatimberwolves 100 home
chicagobulls 103 indianapacers 86 home
sanantoniospurs 114 milwaukeebucks 103 away
oklahomacitythunder 122 bostonceltics 118 home
dallasmavericks 107 orlandomagic 102 home
losangelesclippers 116 sacramentokings 105 away
goldenstatewarriors 114 atlantahawks 95 home
washingtonwizards 88 utahjazz 84 away
minnesotatimberwolves 95 newyorkknicks 92 away
houstonrockets 118 denvernuggets 108 home
phoenixsuns 74 neworleanspelicans 72 home
utahjazz 80 losangeleslakers 73 away
orlandomagic 111 portlandtrailblazers 104 home
philadelphiaSSers 97 newyorkknicks 81 home
brooklynnets 129 milwaukeebucks 127 home
clevelandcavaliers 95 indianapacers 92 home
miamiheat 108 denvernuggets 91 home
chicagobulls 108 torontoraptors 92 home
oklahomacitythunder 123 atlantahawks 115 home
memphisgrizzlies 112 dallasmavericks 101 away
sanantoniospurs 101 bostonceltics 89 home
sacramentokings 101 charlottehornets 91 home
goldenstatewarriors 112 neworleanspelicans 96 home
losangelesclippers 113 washingtonwizards 99 home
brooklynnets 123 indianapacers 111 away
detroitpistons 107 chicagobulls 91 home
phoenixsuns 117 houstonrockets 102 away
memphisgrizzlies 97 portlandtrailblazers 86 home
goldenstatewarriors 106 utahjazz 91 home
clevelandcavaliers 108 milwaukeebucks 90 away
oklahomacitythunder 93 miamiheat 75 home
sanantoniospurs 114 atlantahawks 95 away
losangelesclippers 107 neworleanspelicans 100 home
torontoraptors 106 newyorkknicks 89 home
sacramentokings 109 washingtonwizards 86 home
detroitpistons 105 bostonceltics 97 away
denvernuggets 119 orlandomagic 100 away
charlottehornets 109 minnesotatimberwolves 98 away
phoenixsuns 98 dallasmavericks 92 home
losangeleslakers 101 philadelphiaSSers 87 home
houstonrockets 110 indianapacers 100 away
bostonceltics 110 brooklynnets 91 away
memphisgrizzlies 103 newyorkknicks 82 away
chicagobulls 98 charlottehornets 86 home
minnesotatimberwolves 106 utahjazz 104 away
goldenstatewarriors 107 washingtonwizards 76 home
detroitpistons 108 torontoraptors 104 home
milwaukeebucks 89 miamiheat 88 home
oklahomacitythunder 127 losangeleslakers 117 home
dallasmavericks 101 sanantoniospurs 94 home
sacramentokings 107 philadelphiaSSers 106 home
goldenstatewarriors 122 portlandtrailblazers 108 away
brooklynnets 91 charlottehornets 88 away
losangelesclippers 111 newyorkknicks 80 away
atlantahawks 95 orlandomagic 83 away
indianapacers 103 washingtonwizards 101 away
miamiheat 93 bostonceltics 86 away
chicagobulls 116 torontoraptors 103 away
clevelandcavaliers 111 memphisgrizzlies 89 away
losangeleslakers 101 minnesotatimberwolves 99 away
houstonrockets 95 neworleanspelicans 93 away
philadelphiaSSers 99 denvernuggets 85 away
portlandtrailblazers 92 utahjazz 89 away
sanantoniospurs 130 oklahomacitythunder 91 home
sacramentokings 108 phoenixsuns 99 away
milwaukeebucks 111 indianapacers 107 home
detroitpistons 111 orlandomagic 97 away
losangelesclippers 119 philadelphiaSSers 98 away
washingtonwizards 110 charlottehornets 107 home
atlantahawks 99 miamiheat 86 home
brooklynnets 106 clevelandcavaliers 98 home
bostonceltics 96 newyorkknicks 92 away
torontoraptors 94 losangeleslakers 83 home
houstonrockets 120 minnesotatimberwolves 110 home
goldenstatewarriors 107 memphisgrizzlies 84 away
neworleanspelicans 102 sacramentokings 88 home
sanantoniospurs 94 dallasmavericks 76 home
denvernuggets 107 utahjazz 91 home
portlandtrailblazers 87 phoenixsuns 81 away
charlottehornets 115 atlantahawks 100 home
chicagobulls 111 newyorkknicks 80 home
goldenstatewarriors 108 milwaukeebucks 95 away
utahjazz 94 oklahomacitythunder 89 home
portlandtrailblazers 120 denvernuggets 114 home
clevelandcavaliers 87 philadelphiaSSers 86 home
brooklynnets 107 losangeleslakers 99 home
neworleanspelicans 110 minnesotatimberwolves 88 home
losangelesclippers 119 bostonceltics 106 away
miamiheat 109 detroitpistons 102 home
houstonrockets 99 washingtonwizards 91 away
sanantoniospurs 103 memphisgrizzlies 89 home
indianapacers 104 dallasmavericks 99 home
oklahomacitythunder 109 phoenixsuns 97 away
losangeleslakers 113 philadelphiaSSers 111 away
atlantahawks 101 milwaukeebucks 88 home
torontoraptors 99 houstonrockets 96 home
memphisgrizzlies 97 sacramentokings 83 home
utahjazz 104 minnesotatimberwolves 84 away
portlandtrailblazers 109 phoenixsuns 86 home
bostonceltics 116 charlottehornets 104 away
brooklynnets 111 indianapacers 106 home
detroitpistons 105 atlantahawks 95 home
sanantoniospurs 95 miamiheat 81 away
goldenstatewarriors 110 losangelesclippers 106 away
charlottehornets 102 detroitpistons 78 home
sanantoniospurs 103 orlandomagic 91 away
washingtonwizards 106 philadelphiaSSers 93 home
bostonceltics 100 indianapacers 87 home
brooklynnets 100 newyorkknicks 98 away
houstonrockets 115 sacramentokings 111 home
milwaukeebucks 95 chicagobulls 91 home
torontoraptors 113 minnesotatimberwolves 99 away
dallasmavericks 135 oklahomacitythunder 131 away
utahjazz 98 denvernuggets 84 home
losangelesclippers 126 portlandtrailblazers 122 away
neworleanspelicans 113 losangeleslakers 92 away
clevelandcavaliers 114 miamiheat 88 home
houstonrockets 108 dallasmavericks 101 away
goldenstatewarriors 107 phoenixsuns 106 home
indianapacers 93 charlottehornets 74 home
washingtonwizards 101 newyorkknicks 87 home
milwaukeebucks 110 bostonceltics 101 away
brooklynnets 114 torontoraptors 109 home
chicagobulls 88 detroitpistons 82 home
memphisgrizzlies 100 oklahomacitythunder 92 home
orlandomagic 97 minnesotatimberwolves 84 away
sanantoniospurs 123 denvernuggets 93 home
neworleanspelicans 101 sacramentokings 95 away
portlandtrailblazers 107 losangeleslakers 77 away
charlottehornets 92 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
atlantahawks 131 brooklynnets 99 home
detroitpistons 99 miamiheat 98 home
bostonceltics 117 torontoraptors 116 away
washingtonwizards 92 memphisgrizzlies 83 away
goldenstatewarriors 123 dallasmavericks 110 away
orlandomagic 97 milwaukeebucks 90 away
losangelesclippers 107 denvernuggets 92 away
phoenixsuns 87 utahjazz 85 home
portlandtrailblazers 99 neworleanspelicans 90 home
houstonrockets 115 oklahomacitythunder 112 away
clevelandcavaliers 99 chicagobulls 94 home
indianapacers 112 miamiheat 89 home
sanantoniospurs 107 goldenstatewarriors 92 home
newyorkknicks 101 philadelphiaSSers 91 home
utahjazz 101 sacramentokings 95 away
losangelesclippers 106 losangeleslakers 78 home
brooklynnets 106 portlandtrailblazers 96 home
atlantahawks 96 phoenixsuns 69 home
miamiheat 105 charlottehornets 100 home
neworleanspelicans 103 goldenstatewarriors 100 home
sanantoniospurs 113 oklahomacitythunder 88 away
sacramentokings 116 minnesotatimberwolves 111 home
losangelesclippers 105 losangeleslakers 100 home
torontoraptors 92 charlottehornets 74 away
orlandomagic 105 chicagobulls 103 home
washingtonwizards 119 philadelphiaSSers 90 away
atlantahawks 114 brooklynnets 111 away
bostonceltics 113 detroitpistons 103 away
indianapacers 102 newyorkknicks 86 away
memphisgrizzlies 110 neworleanspelicans 74 home
clevelandcavaliers 104 milwaukeebucks 99 away
sanantoniospurs 110 houstonrockets 98 home
denvernuggets 119 losangeleslakers 101 home
utahjazz 103 sacramentokings 91 home
dallasmavericks 107 phoenixsuns 104 home
portlandtrailblazers 116 minnesotatimberwolves 91 home
chicagobulls 89 miamiheat 78 away
goldenstatewarriors 116 portlandtrailblazers 105 home
torontoraptors 101 orlandomagic 99 away
atlantahawks 104 charlottehornets 80 home
brooklynnets 117 washingtonwizards 80 home
bostonceltics 99 clevelandcavaliers 90 away
indianapacers 107 detroitpistons 103 away
milwaukeebucks 99 newyorkknicks 91 away
sanantoniospurs 104 houstonrockets 103 away
neworleanspelicans 90 phoenixsuns 75 home
oklahomacitythunder 116 sacramentokings 103 home
dallasmavericks 144 denvernuggets 143 away
memphisgrizzlies 89 utahjazz 88 away
losangeleslakers 106 minnesotatimberwolves 98 home
newyorkknicks 80 orlandomagic 79 away
torontoraptors 107 miamiheat 104 away
chicagobulls 114 philadelphiaSSers 107 home
losangelesclippers 94 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
utahjazz 111 portlandtrailblazers 105 away
goldenstatewarriors 110 minnesotatimberwolves 101 home
milwaukeebucks 96 brooklynnets 73 home
bostonceltics 117 clevelandcavaliers 78 home
detroitpistons 116 charlottehornets 77 home
denvernuggets 122 sacramentokings 111 home
indianapacers 116 oklahomacitythunder 104 home
washingtonwizards 108 atlantahawks 99 home
houstonrockets 121 neworleanspelicans 114 home
sanantoniospurs 107 phoenixsuns 91 home
dallasmavericks 120 losangeleslakers 106 away
houstonrockets 100 charlottehornets 90 away
clevelandcavaliers 109 detroitpistons 97 home
milwaukeebucks 107 philadelphiaSSers 97 away
newyorkknicks 112 atlantahawks 108 away
chicagobulls 113 brooklynnets 86 away
miamiheat 100 orlandomagic 93 home
neworleanspelicans 100 minnesotatimberwolves 88 away
oklahomacitythunder 101 portlandtrailblazers 90 home
utahjazz 109 dallasmavericks 92 home
sacramentokings 102 losangeleslakers 92 home
goldenstatewarriors 111 memphisgrizzlies 107 home
losangelesclippers 110 denvernuggets 103 home
bostonceltics 95 torontoraptors 93 home
indianapacers 99 washingtonwizards 95 home
losangelesclippers 112 phoenixsuns 101 away
chicagobulls 91 atlantahawks 85 home
dallasmavericks 114 portlandtrailblazers 98 home
houstonrockets 117 utahjazz 91 home
memphisgrizzlies 95 indianapacers 83 home
bostonceltics 105 milwaukeebucks 100 away
oklahomacitythunder 138 minnesotatimberwolves 113 away
neworleanspelicans 108 sanantoniospurs 103 home
brooklynnets 101 orlandomagic 88 home
clevelandcavaliers 113 washingtonwizards 108 home
detroitpistons 112 newyorkknicks 90 away
miamiheat 105 philadelphiaSSers 101 away
torontoraptors 92 charlottehornets 87 home
goldenstatewarriors 133 denvernuggets 126 home
sacramentokings 122 losangeleslakers 99 away
chicagobulls 103 milwaukeebucks 91 home
washingtonwizards 93 torontoraptors 86 away
goldenstatewarriors 106 neworleanspelicans 99 home
houstonrockets 118 dallasmavericks 108 home
atlantahawks 99 brooklynnets 92 home
clevelandcavaliers 113 bostonceltics 100 home
losangelesclippers 107 sanantoniospurs 92 home
memphisgrizzlies 100 portlandtrailblazers 86 home
chicagobulls 91 milwaukeebucks 82 home
goldenstatewarriors 97 neworleanspelicans 87 home
clevelandcavaliers 99 bostonceltics 91 home
washingtonwizards 117 torontoraptors 106 away
houstonrockets 111 dallasmavericks 99 home
atlantahawks 96 brooklynnets 91 home
sanantoniospurs 111 losangelesclippers 107 away
memphisgrizzlies 97 portlandtrailblazers 82 home
clevelandcavaliers 103 bostonceltics 95 away
chicagobulls 113 milwaukeebucks 106 away
goldenstatewarriors 123 neworleanspelicans 119 away
washingtonwizards 106 torontoraptors 99 home
houstonrockets 130 dallasmavericks 128 away
sanantoniospurs 100 losangelesclippers 73 home
brooklynnets 91 atlantahawks 83 home
milwaukeebucks 92 chicagobulls 90 home
goldenstatewarriors 109 neworleanspelicans 98 away
memphisgrizzlies 115 portlandtrailblazers 109 away
clevelandcavaliers 101 bostonceltics 93 away
washingtonwizards 125 torontoraptors 94 home
dallasmavericks 121 houstonrockets 109 home
losangelesclippers 114 sanantoniospurs 105 away
brooklynnets 120 atlantahawks 115 home
milwaukeebucks 94 chicagobulls 88 away
portlandtrailblazers 99 memphisgrizzlies 92 home
houstonrockets 103 dallasmavericks 94 home
sanantoniospurs 111 losangelesclippers 107 away
atlantahawks 107 brooklynnets 97 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 portlandtrailblazers 93 home
chicagobulls 120 milwaukeebucks 66 away
losangelesclippers 102 sanantoniospurs 96 away
atlantahawks 111 brooklynnets 87 away
losangelesclippers 111 sanantoniospurs 109 home
goldenstatewarriors 101 memphisgrizzlies 86 home
washingtonwizards 104 atlantahawks 98 away
chicagobulls 99 clevelandcavaliers 92 away
losangelesclippers 117 houstonrockets 101 away
memphisgrizzlies 97 goldenstatewarriors 90 away
atlantahawks 106 washingtonwizards 90 home
clevelandcavaliers 106 chicagobulls 91 home
houstonrockets 115 losangelesclippers 109 home
chicagobulls 99 clevelandcavaliers 96 home
losangelesclippers 124 houstonrockets 99 home
memphisgrizzlies 99 goldenstatewarriors 89 home
washingtonwizards 103 atlantahawks 101 home
clevelandcavaliers 86 chicagobulls 84 away
losangelesclippers 128 houstonrockets 95 home
goldenstatewarriors 101 memphisgrizzlies 84 away
atlantahawks 106 washingtonwizards 101 away
clevelandcavaliers 106 chicagobulls 101 home
houstonrockets 124 losangelesclippers 103 home
goldenstatewarriors 98 memphisgrizzlies 78 home
atlantahawks 82 washingtonwizards 81 home
clevelandcavaliers 94 chicagobulls 73 away
houstonrockets 119 losangelesclippers 107 away
goldenstatewarriors 108 memphisgrizzlies 95 away
atlantahawks 94 washingtonwizards 91 away
houstonrockets 113 losangelesclippers 100 home
playoffs
goldenstatewarriors 110 houstonrockets 106 home
clevelandcavaliers 97 atlantahawks 89 away
goldenstatewarriors 99 houstonrockets 98 home
clevelandcavaliers 94 atlantahawks 82 away
goldenstatewarriors 115 houstonrockets 80 away
clevelandcavaliers 114 atlantahawks 111 home
houstonrockets 128 goldenstatewarriors 115 home
clevelandcavaliers 118 atlantahawks 88 home
goldenstatewarriors 104 houstonrockets 90 home
goldenstatewarriors 108 clevelandcavaliers 100 home
clevelandcavaliers 95 goldenstatewarriors 93 away
clevelandcavaliers 96 goldenstatewarriors 91 home
goldenstatewarriors 103 clevelandcavaliers 82 away
goldenstatewarriors 104 clevelandcavaliers 91 home
goldenstatewarriors 105 clevelandcavaliers 97 away
